Opens at King’s Landing, assumed to be Ned’s quarters. He opens his eyes to find Cersei and King Robert at his bedside.
Eddard Stark: Your pardon, your Grace.
Cersei Baratheon: Do you know what your wife has done?
Eddard Stark:  She did nothing I did not command.
Robert Baratheon: Who’d have thought she had it in her?
Cersei Baratheon: By what right dare you lay hands on my blood?
Eddard Stark:  I am the King’s Hand -
Cersei Baratheon: You were the King’s Hand!
Cersei Baratheon: You shall now be held accountable.
Robert Baratheon: Oh, will both of you shut your mouths? Catelyn will release Tyrion and you’ll make your peace with Jaime.
Eddard Stark: He butchered my men.
Cersei Baratheon: Lord Stark was returning drunk from a brothel when his men attacked Jaime.
Robert Baratheon: Quiet, woman.
Eddard Stark:  Jaime has fled the city. Give me leave to bring him back to justice.
Cersei Baratheon: I took you for a king.
Robert Baratheon: Hold your tongue.
Cersei Baratheon: He’s attacked my brother and abducted the other. I should wear the armor and you the gown.
Robert smacks Cersei.
Cersei Baratheon: I shall wear this like a badge of honor.
Robert Baratheon: Wear it in silence or I’ll honor you again.
Cersei exits the room, slamming the door shut behind her.
Robert Baratheon: See what she does to me? My loving wife. I should not have hit her. That was not… That was not kingly.
Eddard Stark:  If we don’t act… there will be a war.
Robert Baratheon: So tell your wife to return that little shit of an Imp to King’s Landing. She’s had her fun, now put an end to it. You hear me? Send a raven and put an end to it.
Eddard Stark:  And what about Jaime Lannister? What about Jaime?
Eddard Stark:  As you command your Grace. With your leave, I will return to Winterfell and set matters straight.
Robert Baratheon: Piss on that! Send a raven. I want you to stay. I’m the king, I get what I want… I never loved my brothers. A sad thing for a man to admit, but it’s true. You were the brother I chose. We’ll talk when I return from the hunt.
Robert throws the Hand of the King’s badge onto the bed where Ned is laying.
Eddard Stark: The hunt?
Robert Baratheon: Killing things clears my head. You’ll have to sit on the throne while I’m away. You’ll hate it more than I do.
Eddard Stark: The Targaryen girl -
Robert Baratheon: Seven hells! Don’t start with her again! The girl will die and I’ll hear no more of it. Put on the badge. And if you ever take it off again, I swear to the Mother I’ll pin the damn thing on Jaime Lannister.
Robert exits the room, slamming the door shut behind him. Ned picks up the badge and looks at it.
Back at Vaes Dothrak across the sea, Daenerys is holding one of her prized dragon eggs. She looks up at a pot of coals inside of her tent. She walks over and places the egg into the coals. Irri walks into the tent.
Irri: Khaleesi?
Daenerys picks up the egg from the coals.
Irri: Oh, Khaleesi!
Irri takes the egg from her hands, dropping it instantly because of the heat. She looks at Daenerys’ hands and there are no burn marks. The two compare hands, Irri’s have burn marks.
Daenerys Targaryen: You’re hurt.
A raven caws. Bran is shooting his bow in the courtyard. The raven flies to the crypts of Winterfell, Bran follows. As he enters, again making eye contact with the bird. The raven flies deeper into the crypts. We then see Bran sleeping in his bed, showing that this was another vision, we hear footsteps running towards his door. His door swings opens and Bran sits up in bed breathing heavily. Hodor is carrying the contraption that Tyrion brought the blueprints for. Bran smiles. We then cut to the woods of Winterfell where Bran is shouting as he’s riding on the back of a horse.
Robb Stark: Not too fast.
Bran Stark: Come on, Dancer. (to his horse)
Theon Greyjoy: When are you gonna tell him?
Robb Stark: Not now.
Theon Greyjoy: Blood for blood. You need to make the Lannisters to pay for Jory and the others.
Robb Stark: You’re talking about war.
Theon Greyjoy: I’m talking about justice.
Robb Stark: Only the Lord of Winterfell can call in the bannermen and raise an army.
Theon Greyjoy: A Lannister put his spear through your father’s leg. The Kingslayer rides to Casterly Rock where no one can touch -
Robb Stark:You want me to march on Casterly Rock?!
Theon Greyjoy: You’re not a boy anymore. They attacked your father. They’ve already started the war. It’s your duty to represent your House when your father can’t.
Robb Stark: And it’s not your duty, because it’s not your House.
It goes silent, Bran can no longer be heard jeering at his horse. Robb looks at Theon and stands up looking through the woods.
Robb Stark: Where’s Bran?
Theon Greyjoy: I don’t know. It’s not my House.
Theon stands up and walks away from Robb, who begins to look around. We cut to Bran riding slowly through the woods. We see someone creeping up behind him as his horse is nickering. As Bran enters a clearing, several Wildlings surround him.
Bran Stark: Robb?
Osha: All alone in the deep dark woods.
Bran Stark: I’m not alone, my brother is with me.
Wildling: I don’t see him. Got him hidden under your cloak?
Osha: Oh, that’s a pretty pin. Silver.
Wildling: We’ll take the pin. And the horse. Get down… Be quick about it.
Bran Stark: I can’t. The saddle, the straps.
Wildling: What’s wrong with you? You some kind of cripple?
Bran Stark: I’m Brandon Stark of Winterfell and if you don’t let me be, I’ll have you all killed!
Wildling 2: Cut his little cock off and stuff it in his mouth.
Osha: the boy’s worth nothing dead. Benjen Stark’s own blood. Think what Mance would give us.
A Wildling is cutting Bran’s straps to his saddle, accidentally slicing into Bran’s leg but he feels no pain.
Wildling: Piss on Mance rayder and piss on the North. We’re going as far south as south goes. There ain’t no white walkers down in Dorne.
Robb comes into view, behind the four Wildlings.
Robb Stark: Drop the knife. Let him go and I’ll let you live.
One of the Wildlings storms at Robb who evades an axe attack. Robb counters, slicing the Wildling’s throat. Osha charges Robb who tosses her spins her around by her hair. He fights off and kills the other Wildling. The Wilding in charge has Bran off of his horse with a knife at his throat, meanwhile Robb has Osha (female Wildling) and a knife to her throat.
Bran Stark: Robb!
Wildling: Shut up! Drop the blade!
Bran Stark: No, don’t.
Wildling: Do it.
Robb looks at Bran and then back up at the Wildling. He then slowly sets his sword on the ground, still gripping Osha by her hair. He looks back up at the Wildling who suddenly gets an arrow through his chest from his back. As he drops to the ground bleeding, we see Theona few yards behind him with a bow. The Wildling falls dead, Theon approaches. Robb releases Osha from his grasp as Theon walks over drawing his bow on her. Robb moves over to Bran.
Robb Stark: Are you all right?
Bran Stark: Yes, it doesn’t hurt.
Theon Greyjoy: Tough little lad. In the Iron Islands, you’re not a man until you’ve killed your first enemy. Well done.
Robb Stark: Have you lost your mind? What if you’d missed?
Theon Greyjoy: He would have killed you and cut Bran’s throat.
Robb Stark: You don’t have the right -
Theon Greyjoy: To what, to save your brother’s life? It was the only thing to do, so I did it.
Robb Stark: What about her?
Osha: Give me my life, my lord, and I’m yours.
Robb Stark: We’ll keep her alive.
Osha gives a sigh of release, Theon releases his bow and Robb, holding Bran, assures that he’s okay.
Now at the Eyrie, Tyrion is sleeping and rolls to his side at the very edge of his skycell. He awakes, quickly moving back to the wall. He steps over to the door to his cell and begins pounding on it.
Tyrion Lannister: Mord! Turnkey! Mord! Mord!
The door swings open and Mord rushes in, batting Tyrion to the opposite side of the cell.
Mord: Dwarf man making noise!
Tyrion Lannister: How would you like to be rich?
Mord: Dwarf man still making noise.
Tyrion Lannister: My family is rich. We have gold, lots of gold. I’m prepared to give you lots of gold.
Mord quickly searches Tyrion’s pockets for gold.
Mord: No gold!
Tyrion Lannister: Well, I don’t have it here.
Mord: No gold! Fuck off.
Mord hits Tyrion once more with his club then storms out of the cell, shutting the door behind him.
Now in a hall at King’s Landing. We see Syrio shutting a door and holding two wooden swords. He slowly steps down towards Arya and tosses her one of the swords, she seamlessly catches it as he takes his fighting stance.
Arya Stark:  I don’t want to practice today.
Syrio Forel: No?
Arya Stark: They killed Jory. My father is hurt. I don’t care about stupid wooden swords.
Syrio Forel: You are troubled.
Arya Stark:  Yes -
Syrio Forel: Good! Trouble is the perfect time for training. When you are dancing in the meadow with your dolls and kittens, this is not when fighting happens.
Arya Stark: I don’t like dolls and k -
Syrio Forel: You’re not here. You’re with your trouble. If you’re with your trouble when fighting happens…
Arya makes a move for Syrio, who quickly counters and puts her on her back.
Syrio Forel: … More trouble for you. Just so… How can you be quick as a snake, or as quiet as a shadow, when you are somewhere else? You are fearing for your father, hmm? That is right. Do you pray to the gods?
Syrio Forel: The old and the new.
Syrio steps back and tosses Arya her sword back, she catches it and assumes the counter position.
Back across the sea in Vaes Dothrak, we’re inside a large communal tent. Daenerys is centered around everyone and eating the heart of a horse a the Dothraki and a priest chant around her. Her husband Khal Drogo looks on in anticipation as she continues eating.
Viserys Targaryen: She has to eat a whole heart? I hope that wasn’t my horse.
Jorah Mormont: She’s doing well.
Viserys Targaryen: She’ll never keep it down.
She keeps eating the heart, nearing the end. The Dothraki onlookers all chant in unison, getting louder and louder. The priestess is also chanting, louder and louder. Khal Drogo stares more intently at his wife, she stares back. The chanting grows louder, as does the priestess.
Viserys Targaryen: Tell me what she is saying.
Jorah Mormont: “The prince is riding. I have heard the thunder of the hooves. Swift as the wind he rides. His enemies will cower before him… and their wives will weep tears of blood.”
The eating and chantines intensifies as Viserys looks on in shock.
Jorah Mormont: She’s going to have a boy.
Viserys Targaryen: He won’t be a real Targaryen. He won’t be a true dragon.
As the chanting is at it’s loudest, Daenerys has finished with the heart. Everyone looks on in anticipations, she wretches forward, on the verge of puking. The chanting suddenly halts. Khal Drogo leans in and looks intensly. Daenerys holds everything in and sobs. Her hands bloody, she slowly sits up, keeping everything in as she gulps the final bite. The priestess begins to speak, Jorah translates directly for Viserys.
Jora: “The stallion who mounts the world.” The stallion, is the khal of khals. He shall unite the people into a single khalasar. All the people of the world will be his herd.
Daenerys rises to her feet, speaking in Dothraki to the room.
Daenerys Targaryen: A prince rides inside me! And he shall be called Rhaego!
The room begins chanting, “Rhaego! Rhaego!” As the chanting grows louder and louder, Drogo stands up and walks up to Daenerys.
Viserys Targaryen: They love her.
The room’s chanting gets even louder. Drogo hugs his wife at her thighs and hoists her up, carrying her around the room.
Jorah Mormont: She truly is a queen today.
Jorah looks to his right towards Viserys, who has now slipped out. We cut to Daenerys’ tent. Inside, Viserys opens the container that holds her dragon eggs. He sighs and then puts them into a sack. Jorah walks into the tent behind him, blocking the door.
Jorah Mormont: Don’t let them see you carrying a sword in Vaes Dothrak. You know the law.
Viserys Targaryen: It’s not my law.
Jorah Mormont: They don’t belong to you.
Viserys Targaryen: Whatever is hers is also mine.
Jorah Mormont: Once, perhaps.
Jorah Mormont: And you have all three.
Viserys Targaryen: I need a large army… I’m the last hope of a dynasty, Mormont. The greatest dynasty this world has ever seen, on my shoulders since I was five years old and no one has ever given me what they gave to her in that tent. Never. Not a piece of it… How can I carry what I need to carry without it? Hmm? Who can rule without wealth, or fear, or love? Oh, you stand there, all nobility and honor. You don’t think I see you looking at my little sister, hmm? Don’t think I know what you want? I don’t care. You can have her. She can be queen of the savages and dine on the finest bloody horseparts, and you can dine on whichever parts of her you like. But let me go.
Jorah Mormont: You can go, but you can’t have the eggs.
Viserys Targaryen: You swore an oath to me. Does loyalty mean nothing to you?
Jorah Mormont: It means everything to me.
Viserys Targaryen: And yet here you stand?
Jorah Mormont: And here I stand.
Viserys and Jorah stare at each other for a moment, before Viserys drops the sack containing the dragon eggs to the floor. Jorah steps aside, unblocking the exit. Viserys leaves.
Back at the skycell below the Eyrie. Tyrion is again shouting for Mord.
Tyrion Lannister: Mord! Mord! Mord! Mord! Mord!
Mord: Noise again!
Tyrion Lannister: About the gold -
Mord: No gold!
Tyrion Lannister: Listen to me! Listen to me! Sometimes possession… is an abstract concept. When they captured me they took my purse, but the gold is still mine.
Mord: Where?
Tyrion Lannister: Where? I don’t know where, but when they free me -
Mord: You want free? Go be free. (points out of the skycell)
Tyrion Lannister: Have you ever heard the phrase “Rich as a Lannister”? Of course you have. You’re a smart man. You know who the Lannisters are. I am a Lannister. Tyrion, son of Tywin! And of course, you have also heard the phrase, “a Lannister always pays his debts.” If you deliver a message from me to Lady Arryn, I will be in your debt. I will owe you gold. If you deliver the message and I live, which I very much intend to do.
Mord: What message?
Tyrion Lannister: Tell her I wish to confess my crimes.
We cut to the throne room, where Lady Arryn and her son Robin are sitting on the throne, at the helm of the room. Catelyn is standing next to them, as Robin is tapping a knife against the throne itself very annoyingly.
Lysa Arryn: You wish to confess your crimes?
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, my lady. I do, my lady.
Lysa Arryn: Skycells always break them. Speak, Imp. Meet your gods as an honest man.
Tyrion Lannister: Where do I begin, my lords and ladies? I’m a vile man, I confess it. My crimes and sins are beyond counting. I have lied and cheated, gambled and whored. I’m not particularly good at violence, but I’m good at convincing others to do violence for me. You want specifics, I suppose. When I was seven, I saw a servant girl bathing in the river. I stole her robe. She was forced to return to the castle, naked and in tears. I close my eyes, I can still see her tits bouncing. When I was ten, I stuffed my uncle’s boots with goatshit. When confronted with my crime, I blamed a squire. Poor boy was flogged and… I escaped justice. When I was twelve, I milked my eel into a pot of turtle stew. I flogged the one-eyed snake. I skinned my sausage. I made the bald man cry into the turtle stew, which I do believe my sister ate. At least I hope she did. I once brought a jackass and a honeycomb into a brothel -
Lysa Arryn: Silence!
Robin Arryn:What happened next?!
Lysa Arryn: What do you think you’re doing?
Tyrion Lannister: Confessing my crimes.
Catelyn Stark: Lord Tyrion, you are accused of hiring a man to slay my son Bran in his bed, and of conspiring to murder my sister’s husband; Lord Jon Arryn, the Hand of the King.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, I’m very sorry. I don’t know anything about all that.
Lysa Arryn: You’ve had your little joke. I trust you enjoyed it. Mord, take him back to the dungeon. But this time find a smaller cell, with a steeper floor.
Tyrion Lannister: Is this how justice is done in the Vale? you accuse me of crimes, I deny them, so you throw me in a cell to freeze and starve? Where is the King’s Justice? I’m accused and demand a trial.
Lysa Arryn: If you’re tried and found guilty, then by the king’s own laws you will pay with your life.
Tyrion Lannister: I understand the law.
Lysa Arryn: We have no executioner in the Eyrie. Life is more elegant here. Open the Moon Door.
Several men begin unwinding a giant crank on one side of the room. In between Tyrion and the raised throne is what looks like a well. The well’s floor begins to open and wind comes howling through. Robin begins giggling and rapidly clapping his hands. Tyrion looks down and sees that it’s a great distance through this Moon Door to the ground, he would inevitably die if he had to go out this “door”.
Lysa Arryn: You want a trial, my Lord Lannister. Very well. My son will listen to whatever you have to say, and you will hear his judgement. Then you will leave, by one door or the other.
Tyrion Lannister: No need to bother Lord Robin. I demand a trial by combat.
Subdued laughter fills the room, Catelyn and Lysa exchange looks.
Lysa Arryn: You have that right.
Knight 1: My lady, I beg the honor. Let me be your champion.
Knight 2: The honor should be mine. For the love I bore your lord husband let me avenge his death.
Knight 3: I’ll fight for you, my Lady.
Knight 4: It’ll be my honor.
Knight 5: The honor should be mine.
Robin Arryn: Make the bad man fly!
Lysa Arryn: Ser Vardis… You’re quiet. Did you want to avenge my husband?
Ser Vardis: With all my heart, my Lady. But the Imp is half my size. It would be shameful to slaughter such a man and call it justice.
Tyrion Lannister: Agreed.
Lysa Arryn: You demanded a trial by combat.
Tyrion Lannister: Now I demand a champion. I have that right, same as you.
Ser Vardis: My Lady, I would gladly fight the Imp’s champion for you.
Tyrion Lannister: I wouldn’t be too glad, ser. I name my brother, Jaime Lannister.
The room shudders.
Lysa Arryn: The Kingslayer is hundreds of miles from here.
Tyrion Lannister: Send a raven for him, I’m happy to wait.
Lysa Arryn: The trial will be today.
Tyrion Lannister: Do I have a volunteer?
Again, the majority of the room laughs quietly.
Tyrion Lannister: Anyone?... Anyone?
Lysa Arryn: I think that we can assume that no one is willing -
Bronn: I’ll stand for the dwarf.
In the woods, outside of King’s Landing.
Lancel Lannister: More wine, your Grace?
Robert Baratheon: Oh, what was I saying?
Renly Baratheon: A simpler time.
Robert Baratheon: It was! It was. You’re too young to remember. Wasn’t it, Selmy?
Barriston: It was, your Grace.
Robert Baratheon: The enemy was right there in the open, vicious as you like, all but sending you a bloody invitation. Nothing like today.
Renly Baratheon: Sounds exhilarating.
Robert Baratheon: Exhilarating, yes. Not as exhilarating as those balls and masquerades you like to throw. (laughs) You ever fucked a Riverlands girl?
Renly Baratheon: Once, I think.
Robert Baratheon: You think? I think you’d remember. Back in our day, you weren’t a real man until you fucked a girl from each of the Seven Kingdoms and the Riverlands. We called it “making the eight.”
Renly Baratheon: Those were some lucky girls.
Robert Baratheon: You ever make the eight, Barristan?
Barristan Selmy: I don’t believe so, your Grace.
Robert Baratheon: (laughs) Those were the days!
Renly Baratheon: What days were those? The ones where half of Westeros fought the other half and millions died? Or before that, when the Mad King slaughtered women and babies because the voices in his head told him they deserved it? Or way before that when dragons burned whole cities to the ground?
Robert Baratheon: Easy, boy. You might be my brother, but you’re speaking to the King.
Renly Baratheon: I suppose it was all rather heroic. If you were drunk enough and had some poor Riverlands whore to shove your price inside and “make the eight.”
Lancel Lannister: More wine, your Grace?
Renly walks off in the opposite direction of the group. Robert takes a large swig off of the wine and quickly continue walking.
In the throne room of King’s Landing. Ned sits upon the throne as a fill in for Robert, as he is Hand of the King. Baelish is at his right and Grand Maester Pycelle to his left. The room is filled with people.
Man: They burned most everything in the Riverlands, our fields, our granaries, our homes. They took our women and then they took ‘em again. When they was done, they butchered them as if they was animals. They covered our children in pitch and lit them on fire.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Brigands, most likely.
Man: They weren’t thieves, they didn’t steal nothing. They even left something behind, your Grace.
Grand Maester Pycelle: It’s the King’s Hand you’re addressing, not the king. The king is hunting.
A second man walks forward and empties a sack out onto the floor. It’s a pile of fish.
Eddard Stark:  These men, were they flying a sigil? … A banner.
Man: None, your… Hand. The one who was leading them… Taller by a foot than any man I’ve ever met, saw him cut the blacksmith, saw him take the head off a horse with a single swing of his sword.
Petyr Baelish: (whisper) That sounds like someone we know. The Mountain.
Eddard Stark:  You’re describing Ser Gregor Clegane.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Why should Ser Gregor turn brigand? The man is an anointed knight.
Petyr Baelish: I’ve heard him called “Tywin Lannister’s mad dog.” I’m sure you have as well. (whispering to Ned) Can you think of any reason the Lannisters might possibly have for being angry with your wife?
Grand Maester Pycelle: If the Lannisters were to order attacks on villages under the king’s protection, it would be -
Petyr Baelish: It would be almost as brazen as attacking the Hand of the King in the streets of the capital.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Wel…
Eddard Stark:  I cannot give you back your homes or restore your dead to life. But perhaps I can give you justice in the name of our king, Robert. Lord Beric Dondarrion.
Beric Dondarrion steps from the back of the room forward.
Eddard Stark:  You shall have the command. Assemble 100 men and ride to Ser Gregor’s keep.
Beric Dondarrion: As you command.
Ned stands up with the assistance of a cane. He steps forward.
Eddard Stark:  In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, the First of his Name, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, I charge you to bring the king’s justice to the false knight Gregor Clegane and all those who shared in his crimes. I denounce him and attaint him. I strip him of all ranks and titles of all lands and holdings, and sentence him to death.
Grand Maester Pycelle: My lord… This… This is a drastic action. It would be better to wait for King Robert’s return.
Eddard Stark:  Grand Maester Pycelle.
Grand Maester Pycelle: My Lord.
Eddard Stark:  Send a raven to Casterly Rock. Inform Tywin Lannister that he has been summoned to court to answer for the crimes of his bannermen. He will arrive within the fortnight, or be branded an enemy of the crown and a traitor to the realm.
The men all bow their heads in acknowledgement. Ned steps down from the throne, Baelish follows him, speaking only to Ned.
Petyr Baelish: A bold move, my Lord, and admirable. But is it wise to yank the lion’s tail? Tywin Lannister is the richest man in all the Seven Kingdoms. Gold wins wars, not soldiers.
Eddard Stark: Then how come Robert is king and not Tywin Lannister?
Robin Arryn: Is it over?
Lysa Arryn: You don’t fight with honor!
Bronn: No. He did.
Tyrion turns to Mord who uncuffs him.
Robin Arryn: Can I make the little man fly now?
Tyrion Lannister: Not this little man. This little man is going home. I believe you have something of mine.
Rodrik Cassel tosses Tyrion his purse. Tyrion bows before Catelyn, begins walking out, Bronn following. He tosses Mord the purse full of coins.
Tyrion Lannister: A Lannister always pays his debts.
At King’s Landing, Sansa Stark and Septa Mordane, both sowing.
Mordane: You wear your hair like a real southern lady now.
Sansa Stark: Well, why shouldn’t I? We’re in the south.
Mordane: It’s important to remember where you come from. I’m not sure your mother would like these new styles.
Sansa Stark: My mother isn’t from the North.
Mordane: I’m aware of that.
Sansa Stark: Why do you care? Do you even have hair under there?
Mordane: Yes. I have hair.
Sansa Stark: I’ve never seen it.
Mordane: Would you like to?
Sansa Stark: No. Where are you from anyway, the north or the south?
Mordane: I come from a very small village in -
Sansa Stark: Oh, wait. I just realized… I don’t care.
Mordane: Sansa -
Sansa Stark: Septa.
Mordane: Now you are being rude.
A door can be heard closing. Prince Joffrey walks in. Sansa’s eyes light up as both women stand up.
Mordane: My prince.
Sansa Stark: My prince.
Joffrey Baratheon:  My lady. I fear I have behaved monstrously the past few weeks. With your permission?
Joffrey offers Sansa a necklace. She turns around, for him to put it on her, as acceptance.
Sansa Stark: It’s beautiful. Like the one your mother wears.
Joffrey Baratheon:  You’ll be queen one day, it’s only fitting that you should look the part. Will you forgive me for my rudeness?
Sansa Stark: There’s nothing to forgive.
Joffrey Baratheon: You’re my lady. One day we’ll be married in the throne room. Lords and ladies from all over the Seven Kingdoms will come, from the last hearth in the North, to the salt shore of the south. And you will be queen over all of them.  I’ll never disrespect you again. I’ll never be cruel to you again. Do you understand me? You’re my lady now, from this day, until my last day.
The two share their first kiss.
In the woods outside of Winterfell, Theon is riding his horse, alone. He comes to a road and sees a carriage leaving, Ros on the back of it riding south.
Theon Greyjoy: Stop! Stop! What are you doing?!
Ros: Going to King’s Landing.
Theon Greyjoy: In a turnip cart?
Ros: I’ll find a ship heading south in White Harbor.
Theon Greyjoy: And you can afford that?
Ros: Some of my friends are more generous than others.
Theon Greyjoy: There’s a thousand girls like you in King’s Landing.
Ros: I’ll have lots of company…
Theon Greyjoy: Yes, you’ll be very popular until some fat lord comes to visit with a big belly and a little prick and he can’t get it up so he knocks all your teeth out.
Ros: (laughs) And what will happen to me if I stay here? Will I become Lady Greyjoy, Mistress of the Iron Islands?
Theon Greyjoy: Don’t be a fool.
Ros: I hear Jaime Lannister attacked Lord Stark in the streets of King’s Landing. Every man for a hundred miles will be marching off to war soon and most of them will never come back, there’s nothing more for me here. Let’s go, Steffon.
Theon Greyjoy: Let me see it one more time?
Ros: See what?
The carriage is driving away from Theon, he scrambles and flips Ros a coin. She catches it and lifts up her dress one final time for Theon, while laughing.
Theon Greyjoy: I’m going to miss you!
Ros: I know.
At King’s Landing in Ned’s quarters. Arya and Sansa await as their father limps forward, using his cane for assistance.
Eddard Stark:  I’m sending you both back to Winterfell.
Sansa Stark: What?!
Eddard Stark:  Listen -
Sansa Stark: What about Joffrey?
Arya Stark:  Are you dying because of your leg? Is that why you’re sending us home?
Eddard Stark:  What? No.
Sansa Stark: Please, Father. Please don’t.
Arya Stark:  You can’t. I’ve got my lessons with Syrio. I’m finally getting good.
Eddard Stark:  This isn’t a punishment. I want you back in Winterfell for your own safety.
Arya Stark:  Can’t we take Syrio back with us?
Sansa Stark: Who cares about your stupid dancing teacher? I can’t go. I’m supposed to marry Prince Joffrey. I love him and I’m meant to be his queen and have his babies.
Arya Stark: Seven hells.
Eddard Stark:  When you’re old enough, I’ll make you a match with someone who’s worthy of you, someone who’s brave and gentle and strong -
Sansa Stark: I don’t want someone brave and gentle and strong. I want him! He’ll be the greatest king that ever was, a golden lion, and I’ll give him sons with beautiful blond hair.
Arya Stark: The lion’s not his sigil, idiot. He’s a stag, like his father.
Sansa Stark: He is not. He’s nothing like that old drunk king.
Eddard Stark:  Go on, girls. Get your septa and start packing your things.
Sansa Stark: Wait!
Arya Stark:  Come on! (dragging Sansa)
Sansa Stark: It’s not fair!
The two exit Ned’s room and close the door behind them. Ned slowly makes his way over to his desk, opening the book that Grand Maester Pycelle had given him earlier. The book covers the lineages of all the great Houses of Westeros. Ned turns and reviews the Baratheon page, reading out loud.
Eddard Stark:  “Lord Orys Baratheon, black of hair.” “Axel Baratheon, black of hair.” “Lyonel Baratheon, black of hair.” “Steffon Baratheon, black of hair.” “Robert Baratheon, black of hair.” “Joffrey Baratheon… golden-haired.”
Ned has a revelation and closes the book.
Back at Vaes Dothrak, in a very large hut. It is a celebration. A pig roasts over a center fire as there are drums being played and people dancing everywhere. Viserys stumbles in, clearly drunk.
Viserys Targaryen: Daenerys! Where’s my sister?
Daenerys and Jorah both look up, noticing her brother on the opposite side of the hut. Drogo, on another side of the hut also sees Viserys. Jorah stands up and begins walking towards Viserys.
Daenerys Targaryen: Stop him.
Viserys Targaryen: Where is she? I’m here for the feast. The whore’s feast.
Jorah Mormont: Come.
Viserys Targaryen: Get your hands off me! No one touches the dragon!
A man sitting next to Drogo says something in Dothraki that makes the Khal laugh. Viserys hears this and spins around.
Viserys Targaryen: Khal Drogo! I’m here for the feast.
Khal Drogo: (speaks Dothraki, motions to the other side of the hut)
Jorah Mormont: Khal Drogo says there is a place for you. Back there.
Viserys Targaryen: That is no place for a king.
Khal Drogo:  You are no king.
Viserys draws his sword, Jorah moves forward, Viserys holds his sword at Jorah.
Viserys Targaryen: Keep away from me!
The drums stop and now everyone in the hut is paying attention.
Daenerys Targaryen: Viserys, please.
Viserys Targaryen: There she is.
Jorah Mormont: Put the sword down. They’ll kill us all.
Viserys Targaryen: They can’t kill us. They can’t shed blood in their sacred city. (moving his sword over everyone in the room, stopping on Daenerys’ stomach) But I can. I want what I came for. I want the crown he promised me. He bought you. But he never paid for you.
The Khal is fiercely looking at the situation as Viserys has his blade to Daenerys’ stomach. A woman is translating for Drogo as Viserys speaks.
Viserys Targaryen: Tell him I want what was bargained for or I’m taking you back. He can keep the baby. I’ll cut it out and leave it for him.
Khal Drogo:  (speaks Dothraki)
Viserys Targaryen: What’s he saying?
Daenerys Targaryen: He says yes. You shall have a golden crown, that men shall tremble to behold.
Viserys Targaryen: That was all I wanted. W-what was promised.
Viserys takes his blade away from Daenerys’ stomach and steps back, smiling. Drogo stands up and walks to his wife, placing his hand on her belly as they exchange looks. The Khal says something in Dothraki, two men instantly come up behind Viserys, each holding one of his arms. One man breaks Viserys’ right arm as he screams.
Viserys Targaryen: No! You cannot touch me! I am the dragon! I am the dragon! I want my crown! Ahh!
The two men force Viserys to the ground, still holding him by his arms. The Khal moves towards them and mutters something in Dothraki. A woman tips over a kettle that was over the fire, pouring out it’s contents. Drogo throws some golden jewelry into the kettle.
Jorah Mormont: Look away Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: No.
Viserys Targaryen: No. Dany! Dany, tell them, make them! You can’t!
The golden jewelry is now melted down into liquid. Khal Drogo lifts the kettle up and walks over towards the screaming Viserys.
Viserys Targaryen: Dany please!
Khal Drogo: A crown for a king.
Khal Drogo raises the kettle over Viserys’ head and pours out the melted gold onto his skull. He screams as the hot liquid solidifies on his skull, the two men release Viserys, he instantly falls to the ground dead.
Jorah Mormont: Khaleesi…
Daenerys Targaryen: He was no dragon. Fire cannot kill a dragon.
