[First scene opens with three Rangers riding through a tunnel, leaving the Wall, and going into the woods. (Eerie music in background) One Ranger splits off and finds a campsite full of mutilated bodies, including a child hanging from a tree branch. A birds-eye view shows the bodies arranged in a shield-like pattern. The Ranger rides back to the other two.]
WAYMAR ROYCE: What d’you expect? They’re savages. One lot steals a goat from another lot and before you know it, they’re ripping each other to pieces.
WILL: I’ve never seen wildlings do a thing like this. I’ve never seen a thing like this, not ever in my life.
WAYMAR ROYCE: How close did you get?
WILL: Close as any man would.
GARED: We should head back to the wall.
ROYCE: Do the dead frighten you?
GARED: Our orders were to track the wildlings. We tracked them. They won’t trouble us no more.
ROYCE: You don’t think he’ll ask us how they died? Get back on your horse.
[GARED grumbles.]
WILL: Whatever did it to them could do it to us. They even killed the children.
ROYCE: It’s a good thing we’re not children. You want to run away south, run away. Of course, they will behead you as a deserter … If I don’t catch you first. Get back on your horse. I won’t say it again.
[WILL glares, but obeys. Sometime later, the three Rangers return to the campsite, which is now completely cleared.]
ROYCE: Your dead men seem to have moved camp.
WILL: They were here.
GARED: See where they went.
[The three look around, swords drawn. They hear the wind and eerie calls. GARED finds a red cloth in the snow.]
ROYCE: What is it?
GARED: It’s …
[As he speaks, a CREATURE with glowing blue eyes rises behind ROYCE. ROYCE turns, the CREATURE strikes. The scene shifts to WILL, who hears a man crying out. The three horses stampede past him. He turns and sees someone standing very still in the distance. The figure turns – it’s the child who had been suspended in the tree, now with glowing blue eyes. WILL turns and runs.
GARED is also fleeing, and we hear strange growls and catch glimpses of the CREATURE. Both terrified RANGERS stop, some distance apart, to catch their breath. WILL sees a CREATURE behead GARED. WILL sinks to his knees and the CREATURE tosses GARED’S head to him.]
[Blackout]
TITLE SEQUENCE[Riders from Winterfell come up behind a dazed WILL. The scene shifts to the castle, where BRAN is practicing archery and getting frustrated, under the eyes of JON SNOW and ROBB STARK. JON pats BRAN’S shoulder.]
JON: Go on. Father’s watching.
[We see NED and CATELYN STARK watching from above.]
JON: And your mother.
[Scene shifts to needlework practice with the girls inside the castle.]
SEPTA MORDANE (to SANSA): Fine work, as always. Well done.
SANSA: Thank you.
SEPTA MORDANE: I love the detail that you’ve managed to get in this corners. … Quite beautiful … the stitching …
[As she murmurs to SANSA about the embroidery, ARYA struggles with her needlework and listens to the arrows hitting and the male laughter outside.]
[Outside, BRAN tries and misses again. Everyone laughs.]
NED: And which one of you was a marksman at ten? Keep practicing, Bran. Go on.
JON: Don’t think too much, Bran.
ROBB: Relax your bow arm.
[BRAN pulls the arrow back. An arrow hits the bullseye. BRAN (still with his arrow), JON, and ROBB turn in surprise to see ARYA, who curtsies after her perfect shot. ROBB and JON laugh as Bran takes out after ARYA.]
JON/ROBB: Quick, Bran, faster!
[RODRICK CASSEL and THEON GREYJOY approach NED and CATELYN on the balcony.]
CASSEL: Lord Stark. My lady. A guardsman just rode in from the hills. They’ve captured a deserter from the Night’s Watch.
[NED grimaces.]
NED: Get the lads to saddle their horses.
[THEON departs.]
CATELYN: Do you have to?
NED: He swore an oath, Cat.
CASSEL: The law is law, my lady.
NED: Tell Bran he’s coming, too.
[CASSEL nods and departs.]
CATELYN: Ned. Ten is too young to see such things.
NED: He won’t be a boy forever. And winter is coming.
[NED departs. In the courtyard, ROBB and JON gather the arrows. CATELYN turns and glares down on JON. He looks at her and walks away.]
ROBB: Lad, go run back and get the rest.
[Scene shifts, and we see WILL being taken to the block.]
WILL (muttering): White Walkers. I saw the White Walkers. White Walkers. The White Walkers, I saw them.
[He and NED face each other.]
WILL: I know I broke my oath. And I know I’m a deserter. I should have gone back to the Wall and warned them. But I saw what I saw. I saw the White Walkers. People need to know. If you can get word to my family, tell them I’m no coward. Tell them I’m sorry.
NED nods yes, and WILL is positioned on the tree limb that serves as a block. [NED draws Ice from a scabbard held by Theon.]
WILL (whispering): Forgive me, lord.
[NED bows his head over ICE.]
NED: In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, first of his name …
JON (to BRAN): Don’t look away.
NED: King of the Andals and the First Men …
JON: Father will know if you do.
NED: Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and protector of the realm, I, Eddard of the House Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North, sentence you to die.
[NED swings ICE and beheads WILL. BRAN does not look away.]
JON: You did well.
[He walks away. ROBB turns and puts his arm around BRAN and they go to their horses together. NED approaches BRAN.]
NED: You understand why I did it?
BRAN: Jon said he was a deserter.
NED: But do you understand why I had to kill him?
BRAN: Our way is the old way?
NED: The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword.
BRAN: Is it true he saw the White Walkers?
NED: The White Walkers have been gone for thousands of years.
BRAN: So he was lying?
NED: A madman sees what he sees.
[Scene shifts to a dead stag’s head. The Winterfell men gather on the bridge They see a ravaged deer before them.]
JON: What is it?
THEON: Mountain lion?
NED: There are no mountain lions in these woods.
[With swords out, they begin to search. NED finds a dead direwolf with antlers through her throat. Her pups are whimpering around her.]
THEON: It’s a freak.
NED: It’s a direwolf.
[NED and CASSEL glance at each other.]
NED: Tough old beast.
[He pulls out the antlers.]
ROBB: There are no direwolves south of the Wall.
JON: Now there are five.
[Jon picks up a pup and offers it to BRAN.]
JON: You want to hold it?
BRAN: Where will they go? Their mother’s dead.
CASSEL: They don’t belong down here.
NED: Better a quick death. They won’t last without their mother.
THEON: Right. Give it here.
BRAN: NO!
ROBB (disgustedly to THEON): Put away your blade.
THEON: I take orders from your father, not you.
BRAN: Please, father!
NED: I’m sorry, Bran.
JON: Lord Stark? There are five pups. One for each of the Stark children. The direwolf is the sigil of your House. They were meant to have them.
[Everyone looks at NED, BRAN with great hope.]
NED: You will train them yourselves. You will feed them yourselves. And if they die, you will bury them yourselves.
[BRAN cradles his pup as JON hands more pups to ROBB.]
BRAN (to JON): What about you?
JON: I’m not a Stark. Get on.
[JON walks away, pauses, and hears another whimper.]
ROBB: What is it?
[JON pulls up a white wolf pup.]
THEON: The runt of the litter. That one’s yours, Snow.
[Scene shifts to bells ringing at Kings Landing. In front of the Iron Throne, surrounded by druidical looking celebrants, lies the body of JON ARRYN. Up in the balcony, CERSEI watches the scene below as JAIME approaches.]
JAIME: As your brother, I feel it’s my duty to warn you: You worry too much. It’s starting to show.
CERSEI: And you never worry about anything. When we were seven, you jumped off the cliffs as Casterly Rock. One hundred foot drop into the water. And you were never afraid.
JAIME: There was nothing to be afraid of until you told father. [In a whisper, mimicking] We’re Lannisters. Lannisters don’t act like fools.
CERSEI: What if Jon Arryn told someone?
JAIME: But who would he tell?
CERSEI: My husband.
JAIME: If he told the king, both our heads would be skewered on the city gates by now. Whatever Jon Arryn knew or didn’t know, it died with him. And Robert will choose a new Hand of the king, someone to do his job while he’s off fucking boars and hunting whores. Or is it the other way around? And life will go on.
CERSEI: You should be the Hand of the king.
JAIME: That’s an honor I can do without. Their days are too long, their lives are too short.
[Scene shifts to a raven approaching Winterfell. CATELYN crosses a busy courtyard and finds NED in the godswood.]
CATELYN: All these years and I still feel like an outsider when I come here.
NED: You have five northern children. You’re not an outsider.
CATELYN: I wonder if the old gods agree.
NED: It’s your gods with all the rules.
CATELYN: I am so sorry, my love.
NED: Tell me.
CATELYN: There was a raven from Kings Landing. Jon Arryn is dead. A fever took him. I know he was like a father to you.
NED: Your sister. The boy …
CATELYN: They both have their health. Gods be good. [pause] The raven brought more news. The king rides for Winterfell. With the queen and all the rest of them.
NED: He’s coming this far North, there’s only one thing he’s after.
CATELYN: You can always say no, Ned.
[Scene shifts to the Winterfell great hall where a great banquet is being prepared.]
CATELYN: We need plenty of candles for Lord Tyrion’s chamber. I’m told he reads all night.
MAESTER LUWIN: I’m told he drinks all night.
CATELYN: How much could he possibly drink? A man of his … stature.
LUWIN: We’ve brought up eight barrels of ale from the cellar. Perhaps we’ll find out.
CATELYN: In any case, candles.
[Scene shifts to Robb, Theon, and Jon getting barbered.]
JON: Why’s your mother so dead-set on us getting pretty for the king?
THEON: It’s for the queen, I bet. I hear she’s [sleek as a mink?]
ROBB: I hear the prince is a right royal prick.
THEON: Think of all those southern girls he gets to stab with his right royal prick.
ROBB: Go on, Tommy, shave him good. He’s never met a girl he likes better than his own hair.
[Scene shifts to the royal procession approaching Winterfell. Bran sees them from his perch high atop a castle wall and clambers nimbly down to tell everyone. CATELYN and LUWIN walk to the courtyard, passing BRAN’s wolf pup.]
CATELYN: Gods, but they grow fast. [Seeing BRAN on the wall] Brandon!
BRAN: I saw the king! He’s got hundreds of people!
CATELYN: How many times have I told you: No climbing!
BRAN: But he’s coming right now! Down our road!
CATELYN: I want you to promise me: No more climbing.
BRAN (looking down): I promise.
CATELYN: D’you know what?
BRAN: What?
CATELYN: You always look at your feet before you lie. Run and find your father. Tell him the king is close.
[BRAN runs off, followed by his wolf pup.]
[Scene shifts to grand entry of the king’s horses and men. ARYA, wearing a helm and cloak, pushes her way into a tall wagon for a better look. In rides JOFFREY, followed by the HOUND. The other Starks wait in a greeting line.]
CATELYN: Where’s Arya? Sansa, where’s your sister?
[More riders with banners. ARYA scoots past her parents to get in the receiving line.]
NED: Hey,, hey, hey, hey. What are you doing with that on? [Pulls off ARYA’s helm]
ARYA (pushing BRAN): Move!
[JOFFREY rides up, SANSA smiles at him, ROBB glares at JOFFREY. The HOUND pulls up his helm. The coach carrying CERSEI lumbers in, followed by KING ROBERT. All kneel. ROBERT heaves himself off his horse. NED looks shocked at the sight of his old friend, now fat and red-faced. ROBERT signals for all to rise and looks at NED.]
NED: Your Grace.
ROBERT: You’ve got fat.
[NED gives ROBERT a “What about you?” look. They start laughing.]
ROBERT: Cat!
CATELYN: Your Grace.
ROBERT: Nine years. Why haven’t I seen you? Where the hell have you been?
NED: Guarding the North for you, Your Grace. Winterfell is yours.
[CERSEI and her other children descend from the coach.]
ARYA: Where’s the Imp?
SANSA: Will you shut up?
ROBERT: Who have we here? You must be Robb. (To Sansa) My, you’re a pretty one. (To Arya) Your name is?
ARYA: Arya.
ROBERT (to BRAN) Ooh. Show us your muscles. You’ll be a soldier.
[JAIME removes his helm.]
ARYA: That’s Jaime Lannister. The queen’s twin brother.
SANSA: Would you please shut up.
[CERSEI approaches.]
NED: My queen.
CATELYN: My queen.
ROBERT: Take me to your crypt. I want to pay my respects.
CERSEI: We’ve been riding for a month, my love. Surely the dead can wait.
ROBERT: Ned.
ARYA: Where’s the Imp?
[CERSEI, humiliated in front of all, walks back to JAIME.]
CERSEI: Where is our brother? Go find the little beast.
[Scene changes to the crypt.]
NED: Tell me about Jon Arryn.
ROBERT: One minute he was fine, and then … Burned right through him, whatever it was. I loved that man.
NED: We both did.
ROBERT: He never had to teach you much, but me … You remember me at 16? All I wanted to do was crack skulls and fuck girls. He showed me what was what.
NED: Aye.
ROBERT: Don’t look at me like that. Not his fault I didn’t listen. (They laugh. ROBERT sighs.) I need you, Ned. Down at Kings Landing. Not up here, where you’re no damn use to anybody. Lord Eddard Stark, I would name you the Hand of the king.
[NED kneels.]
NED: I’m not worthy of the honor.
ROBERT: I’m not trying to honor you. I’m trying to get you to run my kingdom while I eat, drink, and whore my way to an early grave. Damn it, Ned, stand up. You helped me win the Iron Throne, now help me keep the damn thing. We were meant to rule together. If your sister had lived, we would have been bound by blood. Well, it’s not too late. I have a son, you have a daughter. We’ll join our Houses.
[Scene changes to JAIME in the Winterfell settlement. We see Tyrion inside a whorehouse, swilling liquor and laughing as a woman pops into view after servicing him.]
TYRION: Mmh. It is true what they say about the Northern girls.
ROS: Did you hear the king’s in Winterfell?
TYRION: I did hear something about that.
ROS: And the queen. And her twin brother. They say that he is the most handsome man in the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: And the other brother?
ROS: The queen has two brothers?
TYRION: There’s the pretty one. And there’s the clever one.
ROS: I hear they call him the Imp.
TYRION: I hear he hates that nickname.
ROS: Oh? I hear he’s more than earned it. I hear he’s a drunken little lecher into all manner of perversions.
TYRION: Clever girl.
ROS: We’ve been expecting you, Lord Tyrion.
TYRION: Have you?
TYRION: The gods gave me one blessing.
[She climbs on TYRION. JAIME walks in without knocking.]
JAIME: Don’t get up.
ROS: M’lord.
TYRION: Should I explain to you the meaning of a closed door in a whorehouse, brother?
JAIME: You’ve much to teach me, no doubt. But our sister craves your attention.
TYRION: She has odd cravings, our sister.
JAIME: A family trait. Now, the Starks are feasting us at sundown. Don’t leave me alone with these people.
TYRION: I’m sorry, I’ve begun the feast a bit early. And this is the first of many courses.
JAIME: I thought you might say that. But since we’re short on time, (he opens the door; a bevy of whores enter and descend on TYRION) Come on, girls. See you at sundown.
[JAIME leaves.]
TYRION: Close the door!
Scene changes to the Winterfell crypt, at Lyanna’s tomb. [Robert places a feather in the hand of her statue.]
ROBERT: Did you have to bury her in a place like this? She should be on a hill somewhere with the sun and the clouds above her.
NED: She was my sister. This is where she belongs.
ROBERT: She belonged with me.
[He touches Lyanna’s face.]
ROBERT: In my dreams, I kill him every night.
NED: It’s done, Your Grace. The Targaryens are gone.
ROBERT: Not all of them.
[Scene shifts to Daenerys on a balcony in Pentos, across the Narrow Sea.]
VISERYS (off camera): Daenerys!
[He enters a large chamber.]
VISERYS: Daenerys! There’s our bride to be! Look – a gift from Illyrio. Touch it. Come on. Feel the fabric. Mmmm. Isn’t he a gracious host?
DAENERYS: We’ve been his guests for over a year and he’s never asked us for anything.
VISERYS: Illyrio is no fool. He knows I won’t forget my friends when I come into my throne. You still slouch. Let me see. (He pulls off her gown.) You have a woman’s body now. (She endures it as he strokes her breast.) I need you to be perfect today. Can you do that for me? You don’t want to wake the dragon, do you?
DAENERYS: No.
[VISERYS nods and starts to leave the chamber. He turns.]
VISERYS: When they write the history of my reign, sweet sister, they will say it began today.
[Daenerys turns and steps into a steaming hot bath with a despairing look on her face.]
MAID: It’s too hot, my lady.
[But DAENERYS keeps stepping deeper. The scene shifts to ILLYRIOS, DAENERYS, AND VISERYS outside the mansion, awaiting Khal Drogo.]
VISERYS: Where is he?
ILLYRIO: The Dothraki are not known for their punctuality.
[A host of Dothraki come riding up. Khal Drogo wheels his stallion into the front.]
ILLYRIO: (Greets them in Dothraki.) May I present my honored guests? Viserys of House Targaryen, the third of his name. The rightful King of the Andals and the First Men. And his sister, Daenerys, of the House Targaryen.
VISERYS (to DAENERYS) Do you see how long his hair is? When Dothraki are defeated in combat, they cut off their braid so the whole world can see their shame. Khal Drogo has never been defeated. He’s a savage, of course, but he’s one of the finest killers alive. And you will be his queen.
ILLYRIO: Come forward, my dear.
[KHAL DROGO watches as DAENERYS walks toward him. She does not hesitate and looks straight at him, although there is fear on her face. KHAL DROGO gazes at her and then leads his horsemen on a charge away.]
VISERYS: Where’s he going?
ILLYRIO: The ceremony is over.
VISERYS: But he didn’t say anything. Did he like her?
ILLYRIO: Trust me, Your Grace. If he didn’t like her, we’d know.
[The scene shifts to ILLYRIO, VISERYS, AND DAENERYS ON A GARDEN BALCONY OVERLOOKING THE SEA.]
ILLYRIO: It won’t be long now. Soon you will cross the Narrow Sea and take back your father’s throne. The people drink secret toasts to your health. They cry out for their true king.
VISERYS: When will they be married?
ILLYRIO: Soon. The Dothraki never stay still for long.
VISERYS: Is it true they lie with their horses?
ILLYRIO: I wouldn’t ask Khal Drogo.
VISERYS: Do you take me for a fool?
ILLYRIO: I take you for a king. Kings lack the caution of common men. My apologies if I’ve given offense.
VISERYS: I know how to play a man like Drogo. I give him a queen and he gives me an army.
DAENERYS (pleadingly) I don’t want to be his queen. I want to go home.
VISERYS: So do I. I want us both to go home. But they took it from us. So tell me, sweet sister, how do we go home?
DAENERYS: I don’t know.
VISERYS: We go home with an army. With Khal Drogo’s army. I would let his whole tribe fuck you, all 40,000 men and their horses too, if that’s what it took.
[He gives DAENERYS a brotherly kiss on the forehead and walks away. The scene shifts to a bedroom in Winterfell, where CATELYN is fixing SANSA’S hair.]
SANSA: Do you think Joffrey will like me? What if he thinks I’m ugly?
CATELYN: Then he is the stupidest prince that ever lived.
SANSA: He’s so handsome.
[CATELYN rolls her eyes.]
SANSA: When would we be married? Soon or do we have to wait?
CATELYN: Hush now. Your father hasn’t even said yes.
SANSA: Why would he say no? He’d be the second most powerful man in the kingdoms.
CATELYN: He’d have to leave home. He’d have to leave me. And so would you.
SANSA: You left your home to come here. And I’d be queen someday. Please make father say yes.
CATELYN: Sansa…
SANSA: Please, please. It’s the only thing I ever wanted.
[Scene shifts to the Winterfell banquet. Laughter, music, KING ROBERT getting bawdy with a wench. CATELYN and CERSEI watch, CATELYN embarrassed for CERSEI, who looks disgusted. Out in the courtyard, JON takes out his frustration on a fencing dummy. His uncle BENJEN rides up.]
BENJEN: Is he dead yet?
JON: Uncle Benjen!
[They hug.]
BENJEN: You got bigger. I rode all day. Didn’t want to leave you alone with the Lannisters. Why aren’t you at the feast?
JON: Lady Stark thought it might insult the royal family to seat a bastard in their midst.
BENJEN: Well, you’re always welcome on the wall. No bastard was ever refused a seat there.
JON: So take me with you when you go back.
BENJEN: Jon…
JON: Father will let me if you ask him, I know he will.
BENJEN: The Wall isn’t going anywhere.
JON: I’m ready to swear your oath.
BENJEN: You don’t understand what you’d be giving up. We have no families. None of us will ever father sons.
JON: I don’t care about that.
BENJEN: You might, if you knew what it meant. … I’d better get inside. Rescue your father from his guests. We’ll talk later.
[BENJEN goes to the banquet.]
TYRION: Your uncle’s in the Night’s Watch.
JON: What’re you doing back there?
TYRION (drinking): Preparing for a night with your family. I’ve always wanted to see the Wall.
JON: You’re Tyrion Lannister. The queen’s brother?
TYRION: My greatest accomplishment. You – you’re Ned Stark’s bastard, aren’t you?
[JON looks angry and turns away.]
TYRION: Did I offend you? Sorry. You are the bastard, though.
JON: Lord Eddard Stark is my father.
TYRION: And Lady Stark is not your mother. Making you a bastard. Let me give you some advice, bastard. Never forget what you are. The rest of the world will not. Wear it like armor. Then it can never be used to hurt you.
JON: What the hell do you know about being a bastard?
TYRION: All dwarves are bastards in their fathers’ eyes.
[TYRION departs. JON picks up his sword and attacks the dummy with new ferocity.]
[The scene shifts back to the banquet, in full raucous swing. NED is off to himself; BENJEN comes up to him.]
NED: The boy I beheaded. Did you know him?
BENJEN: Of course I did. Just a lad. But he was tough, Ned. A true Ranger.
NED: He was talking madness. Said the Walkers slaughtered his friends.
BENJEN: The two he was with are still missing.
NED: A wildling ambush.
BENJEN: Maybe. Direwolves south of the wall. Talk of the Walkers. My brother might be the next Hand to the king. Winter is coming.
NED: Winter is coming.
[ROBB approaches.]
ROBB: Uncle Benjen.
BENJEN: Robb boy. How are ye?
ROBB: I’m good.
[KING ROBERT gets even more bawdy with a wench.]
CATELYN (in desperation) Is this your first time in the North, Your Grace?
CERSEI: Yes. Lovely country.
[They observe SANSA.]
CATELYN: I’m sure it’s very grim, after Kings Landing. I remember how scared I was when Ned brought me up here for the first time.
[SANSA approaches and smiles shyly at CERSEI.]
CERSEI: Hello, little dove. But you are a beauty. How old are you?
SANSA: Thirteen, Your Grace.
CERSEI: You’re tall. Still growing?
SANSA: I think so, Your Grace.
CERSEI: And have you bled yet?
SANSA (discomfited): No, Your Grace.
CERSEI: And your dress. Did you make it?
[SANSA nods yes.]
CERSEI: Such talent. You must make something for me.
[SANSA departs.]
CERSEI (to CATELYN): I hear we might share a grandchild someday.
CATELYN: I hear the same.
CERSEI: Your daughter will do well in the capital. Such a beauty shouldn’t stay hidden up here forever.
[SANSA and JOFFREY catch each other’s eye. JOFFREY smiles at her and she turns to her friend.]
[JAIME and NED meet up. JAIME blocks their path.]
NED: Your pardon.
JAIME: I hear we might be neighbors soon. I hope it’s true.
NED: Yes, the king has honored me with his offer.
JAIME: I’m sure we’ll have a tournament to celebrate the new title, if you accept. It would be good to have you in the field. The competition has become a bit stale.
NED: I don’t fight in tournaments.
JAIME: No? Getting a little old for it?
NED: I don’t fight in tournaments because when I fight a man for real, I don’t want him to know what I can do.
JAIME: Well said.
[ARYA flips food onto SANSA’s face.]
SANSA: Arya!
[CATELYN signals a laughing ROBB to deal with the girls. He hoists up ARYA.]
ROBB: Time for bed.
[The scene shifts to after the banquet. NED and CATELYN are in their bed.]
NED: I’m a Northman. I belong here with you, not down south in that rat’s nest they call a capital.
CATELYN: I won’t let him take you.
NED: The king takes what he wants. That’s why he’s king.
CATELYN: I’ll say, ‘Listen, fat man, you are not taking my husband anywhere. He belongs to me now.’
NED: How did he get so fat?
CATELYN: He only stops eating when it’s time for a drink.
[There’s a knock at the door.]
A VOICE: It’s Maester Luwin, my lord.
NED: Send him in.
LUWIN: Pardon, my lord, my lady. A rider in the night from your sister.
[He hands CATELYN a sealed note.]
NED: Stay.
CATELYN: This was sent from the Eyrie. What’s she doing at the Eyrie? She hasn’t been back there since her wedding.
[CATELYN reads the note, looks up in alarm, and then burns it.]
NED: What news?
CATELYN: She’s fled the capital. She says Jon Arryn was murdered. By the Lannisters. She says the king is in danger.
NED: She’s fresh widowed, Cat. She doesn’t know what she’s saying.
CATELYN: Lysa’s head would be on a spike right now if the wrong people had found that letter. Do you think she would risk her life, her son’s life, if she wasn’t certain her husband was murdered?
LUWIN: If this news is true, and the Lannisters conspire against the throne, who but you can protect the king?
CATELYN: They murdered the last Hand. Now you want Ned to take the job.
LUWIN: The king rode for a month to ask Lord Stark’s help. He’s the only one he trusts. You swore the king an oath, my lord.
CATELYN: He spent half his life fighting Robert’s wars. He owes him nothing. (To NED) Your father and brother rode south once on a king’s demand.
LUWIN: A different time. Different king.
[The scene shifts to the wild wedding celebration of KHAL DROGO and DAENERYS. Fighting and fornication. DAENERYS looks stricken at everything around her.]
VISERYS: When do I meet with the Khal? We need to begin planning the invasion.
ILLYRIO: If Khal Drogo has promised you a crown, you shall have it.
VISERYS: When?
ILLYRIO: When their omens favor war.
VISERYS: I piss on Dothraki omens. I waited 17 years to get my throne back.
[The sex and violence intensify. Two men fight to the death over a woman each is trying to rape. KHAL DROGO watches avidly.]
ILLYRIO: A Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths is considered a dull affair.
[A knight in Westerosi garb appears. KHAL DROGO greets him in Dothraki. It is JORAH MORMONT, bearing books.]
JORAH: A small gift for the new Khaleesi. Songs and histories from the Seven Kingdoms.
DAENERYS: Thank you, ser. Are you from my country?
JORAH: Ser Jorah Mormont of Bear Island. I served your father for many years. Gods be good, I hope to always serve the rightful king.
[DANY is presented with a chest with three dragon eggs in it.]
ILLYRIO: Dragons’ eggs, Daenerys. From the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai. The ages have turned them to stone, but they will always be beautiful.
DAENERYS: Thank you, Magister.
[KHAL DROGO rises and strides forward. DAENERYS follows him, looking sick with fear. The Dothraki crowd behind her as she goes. The KHAL leads her to a white mare.]
DAENERYS: She’s beautiful. … Ser Jorah, I don’t know how to say ‘thank you’ in Dothraki.
JORAH: There is no word for ‘thank you’ in Dothraki.
[The KHAL puts DANY on her horse and mounts his.]
VISERYS: Make him happy.
[The scene shifts to the seaside at sunset. The KHAL begins to unwrap DANY’s dress. She is sobbing. He touches the tears on her face.]
KHAL DROGO: No.
DAENERYS: Do you know the Common Tongue?
KHAL DROGO: No.
DAENERYS: Is ‘no’ the only word that you know?
KHAL DROGO: No.
[He takes off her gown and bends her down.]
[The scene shifts to Winterfell. Tyrion and the Hound are seated outside the day after the banquet.]
THE HOUND: Rough night, Imp?
TYRION: If I get through this without squirting from one end or the other, it will be a miracle.
THE HOUND: I didn’t pick you for a hunter.
TYRION: The greatest in the land. My spear never misses.
THE HOUND: It’s not hunting if you pay for it.
[The king and Ned come into view.]
ROBERT: Are you as good with a spear as you used to be?
NED: No, but I’m still better than you.
ROBERT: I know what I’m putting you through. Thank you for saying yes. I only ask you because I need you. You’re a loyal friend. You hear me? A loyal friend. The last one I’ve got.
NED: I hope I’ll serve you well.
ROBERT: You will. And I’ll make sure you don’t look so fucking grim all the time. Come on, boys, let’s go kill some boar!
[The king’s party rides off, NED nodding goodbye to BRAN, whose wolf pup begins sniffing at his feet.]
BRAN: Come on, you.
[BRAN begins climbing, his wolf pup crying at the bottom of the castle wall. As he nears the top, he hears a woman and man moaning. Peering in the window, he sees CERSEI and JAIME having sex. CERSEI sees BRAN.]
CERSEI: Stop. STOP.
[JAIME runs and grabs BRAN at the window.]
JAIME: Are you completely mad?
CERSEI: He saw us.
JAIME: It’s all right. It’s all right.
CERSEI: He saw us!
JAIME: I heard you the first time. (To BRAN) Quite the little climber, aren’t you? How old are you, boy?
BRAN: Ten
.
JAIME: Ten.
[JAIME looks at CERSEI, who gazes back imploringly.]
JAIME: The things I do for love.
[He shoves BRAN out the window.]
/ BLACKOUT /
Daenerys on horseback looking at Drogo and his people.
Jorah Mormont: You need to drink, child... And eat.
Daenerys Targaryen: Isn't there anything else?
Jorah Mormont: The Dothraki have two things in abundance: grass and horses. People can't live on grass... In the Shadow Lands beyond Asshai, they say there are fields of ghost grass with stalks as pale as milk that glow in the night. It murders all other grass. The Dothraki believe that one day it will cover everything. That's the way the world will end… It'll get easier.
Arriving at camp, Daenerys looks exhausted from riding.
Doreah: Khaleesi!
Irri: Your hands.
After Daenerys is escorted away, Jorah and Viserys are alone.
Jorah Mormont: We're still not far from Pentos, your Grace. Magister Illyrio has extended his hospitality. You'd be more comfortable there.
Viserys Targaryen: I have no interest in hospitality or comfort. I'll stay with Drogo until he fulfils his end of the bargain and I have my crown.
Jorah Mormont: As you wish, your Grace.
Viserys Targaryen: Well, Mormont, as brutish as this life is, I suppose it is preferable to beheading. What did Ned Stark want you for? Buying from a slaver?
Jorah Mormont: Selling to one... Some poachers I caught on my land.
Viserys Targaryen: Under my reign, you won't be punished for such nonsense. You can rest assured of that.
Joffrey finding Tyrion asleep in the dog’s pen of Winterfell.
Joffrey Baratheon: Better-looking bitches than you're used to, Uncle. My mother's been looking for you. We ride for King's Landing today.
Tyrion Lannister: Before you go, you will call on Lord and Lady Stark and offer your sympathies.
Joffrey Baratheon: What good will my sympathies do them?
Tyrion Lannister: None. But it is expected of you. Your absence has already been noted.
Joffrey Baratheon: The boy means nothing to me. And I can't stand the wailing of women.
Tyrion Lannister: One word and I'll hit you again.
Joffrey Baratheon: I'm telling mother!
Tyrion Lannister: Go! Tell her. But first you will get to Lord and Lady Stark and you will fall on your knees in front of them and tell them how very sorry you are, that you are at their service, and that all your prayers are with them. Do you understand?
Joffrey Baratheon: You can't...
Tyrion Lannister: Do you understand?
Sandor Clegane: The Prince will remember that, little lord.
Tyrion Lannister: I hope so. If he forgets, be a good dog and remind him. Time for breakfast...
Tyrion walks from the courtyard to the dining hall where his family is eating breakfast.
Tyrion Lannister: Bread. And two of those little fish. And a mug of dark beer to wash it down. And bacon, burnt black.
Jaime Lannister: Little brother.
Tyrion Lannister: Beloved siblings.
Myrcella Baratheon: Is Bran going to die?
Tyrion Lannister: Apparently not.
Cersei Baratheon: What do you mean?
Tyrion Lannister: The Maester says the boy may live.
Cersei Baratheon: It's no mercy, letting a child linger in such pain.
Tyrion Lannister: Only the gods know for certain. All the rest of us can do is pray. The charms of the north seem entirely lost on you.
Cersei Baratheon: I still can't believe you're going. It's ridiculous even for you.
Tyrion Lannister: Where's your sense of wonder? The greatest structure ever built, the intrepid men of the Night's Watch, the wintry abode of the White Walkers.
Jaime Lannister: Tell me you're not thinking of taking the black.
Tyrion Lannister: And go celibate? The whores would go begging from Dorne to Casterly Rock. I just want to stand on top of the Wall and piss off the edge of the world.
Cersei Baratheon: The children don't need to hear your filth. Come.
Jaime Lannister: Even if the boy lives, he'll be a cripple, a grotesque. Give me a good clean death any day.
Tyrion Lannister: Speaking for the grotesques, I'd have to disagree. Death is so final, whereas life... Life is full of possibilities. I hope the boy does wake. I'd be very interested to hear what he has to say.
Jaime Lannister: My dear brother, there are times you make me wonder whose side you're on.
Tyrion Lannister: My dear brother, you wound me. You know how much I love my family.
In Bran’s room with Catelyn at his bedside, Cersei coming to console.
Cersei Baratheon: Please.
Catelyn Stark:  I would have dressed, your Grace.
Cersei Baratheon: This is your home. I'm your guest. Handsome one, isn't he? I lost my first boy, a little black-haired beauty. He was a fighter too... Tried to beat the fever that took him. Forgive me. It's the last thing you need to hear right now.
Catelyn Stark: I never knew.
Cersei Baratheon:  It was years ago. Robert was crazed, beat his hands bloody on the wall, all the things men do to show you how much they care... The boy looked just like him. Such a little thing... A bird without feathers. They came to take his body away and Robert held me. I screamed and I battled, but he held me. That little bundle. They took him away and I never saw him again. Never have visited the crypt, never. I pray to the Mother every morning and night that she return your child to you.
Catelyn Stark:  I am grateful..
Cersei Baratheon: Perhaps this time she'll listen.
Near the Smith in a courtyard of Winterfell.
Jaime Lannister: A sword for the wall?
Jon Snow: I already have one.
Jaime Lannister: Good man. Have you swung it yet?
Jon Snow: Of course I have.
Jaime Lannister:  At someone, I mean. It's a strange thing, the first time you cut a man. You realize we're nothing but sacks of meat and blood and some bone to keep it all standing. Let me thank you ahead of time for guarding us all from the perils beyond the Wall... Wildlings and White Walkers and whatnot. We're grateful to have good, strong men like you protecting us.
Jon Snow: We've guarded the Kingdoms for 8 000 years.
Jaime Lannister: Is it "we" already? Have you taken your vows then?
Jon Snow: Soon enough.
Jaime Lannister: Give my regards to the Night's Watch. I'm sure it will be thrilling to serve in such an elite force. And if not, It's only for life.
Arya’s room, packing things for her trip to King’s Landing, having her direwolf assist her. Jon comes in to say goodbye before he leaves for the Night's Watch.
Arya Stark: Thank you, Nymeria. Septa Mordane says I have to do it again. "My things weren't properly folded", she says. Who cares how they're folded?! They're going to get all messed up anyway.
Jon Snow: It's good you've got help.
Arya Stark: Watch. Nymeria, gloves.
Jon Snow:  Impressive.
Arya Stark:  Shut up. Nymeria, gloves!
Jon Snow:  I have something for you. And it has to be packed very carefully.
Arya Stark:  A present?
Jon Snow:  Close the door. This is no toy. Be careful you don't cut yourself.
Arya Stark:  It's so skinny.
Jon Snow: So are you. I had the blacksmith make it for you special. It won't hack a man's head off, but it can poke him full of holes if you're quick enough.
Arya Stark: I can be quick.
Jon Snow:  You'll have to work at it every day. How does it feel? Do you like the balance?
Arya Stark: I think so.
Jon Snow: First lesson: Stick them with the pointy end.
Arya Stark:  I know which end to use.
Jon Snow:  I'm going to miss you... Careful... All the best swords have names, you know.
Arya Stark:  Sansa can keep her sewing needles. I've got a needle of my own.
Jon walks into Bran’s room, where Catelyn is still at his bedside.
Jon Snow:  I came to say goodbye to Bran.
Catelyn Stark:  You've said it.
Jon Snow:  I wish I could be here when you wake up. I'm going north with Uncle Benjen. I'm taking the black. I know we always talked about seeing the Wall together, but you'll be able to come visit me at Castle Black when you're better. I'll know my way around by then. I'll be a sworn brother of the Night's Watch. We can go out walking beyond the Wall, if you're not afraid.
Catelyn Stark: I want you to leave.
Eddard walks into the room, Jon kisses Brandon on the forehead and exits.
Catelyn Stark: 17 years ago you rode off with Robert Baratheon. You came back a year later with another woman's son. And now you're leaving again.
Eddard Stark:  I have no choice.
Catelyn Stark: That's what men always say when honor calls. That's what you tell your families, tell yourselves. You do have a choice. And you've made it. I can't do it, Ned. I really can't.
Eddard Stark:  You can. You must.
In the courtyard, Jon prepping his horse to leave for the Wall.
Robb Stark: You've said goodbye to Bran? He's not going to die. I know it.
Jon Snow:  You Starks are hard to kill.
Robb Stark: My mother?
Jon Snow:  She was very kind.
Robb Stark: Good. Next time I see you, you'll be all in black.
Jon Snow:  It was always my color.
Robb Stark: Farewell, Snow.
Jon Snow:  And you, Stark.
At the split between the Kingsroad and the road that will take Benjen and Jon to the Wall.
Eddard Stark: There's great honor serving in the Night's Watch. The Starks have manned the Wall for thousands of years. And you are a Stark. You might not have my name, but you have my blood.
Jon Snow: Is my mother alive? Does she know about me? Where I am, where I'm going? Does she care?
Eddard Stark: The next time we see each other, we'll talk about your mother. I promise.
Stopping for rest along the Kingsroad. Robert has a mini table set up full of wine and food.
Robert Baratheon: Gods, this is country! I've half a mind to leave them all behind and keep going.
Eddard Stark:  I've half a mind to go with you.
Robert Baratheon: What do you say, just you and me on the Kingsroad, swords at our sides, a couple of tavern wenches to warm our beds tonight.
Eddard Stark: You should have asked me 20 years ago.
Robert Baratheon: There were wars to fight, women to marry... We never had the chance to be young.
Eddard Stark:  I recall a few chances.
Robert Baratheon: There was that one... Oh, what was her name? That common girl of yours? Becca? With the great big tits you could bury your face in.
Eddard Stark:  Bessie. She was one of yours.
Robert Baratheon: Bessie! Thank the gods for Bessie and her tits. Yours was... Aleena? No. You told me once. Meryl? Your bastard's mother?
Eddard Stark:  Wylla.
Robert Baratheon: That's it. She must have been a rare wench to make Lord Eddard Stark forget his honor. You never told me what she looked like.
Eddard Stark:  Nor will I.
Robert Baratheon: We were at war. None of us knew if we were gonna go back home again. You're too hard on yourself. You always have been. I swear if I weren't your King, you'd have hit me already.
Eddard Stark: The worst thing about your coronation... I'll never get to hit you again.
Robert Baratheon: Trust me, that's not the worst thing. There was a rider in the night.
Eddard Stark:  Daenerys Targaryen has wed some Dothraki horselord. What of it? Should we send her a wedding gift?
Robert Baratheon: A knife perhaps, a good sharp one, and a bold man to wield it.
Eddard Stark: She's little more than a child.
Robert Baratheon: Soon enough that child will spread her legs and start breeding.
Eddard Stark:  Tell me we're not speaking of this.
Robert Baratheon: Oh, it's unspeakable to you? What her father did to your family... That was unspeakable. What Rhaegar Targaryen did to your sister... the woman I loved. I'll kill every Targaryen I get my hands on.
Eddard Stark:  But you can't get your hands on this one, can you?
Robert Baratheon:  This Khal Drogo, it's said he has 100,000 men in his horde.
Eddard Stark: Even a million Dothraki are no threat to the realm, as long as they remain on the other side of the Narrow Sea. They have no ships, Robert.
Robert Baratheon:  There are still those in the Seven Kingdoms who call me Usurper. If the Targaryen boy crosses with a Dothraki horde at his back, the scum will join him.
Eddard Stark: He will not cross. And if by chance he does, we'll throw him back into the sea.
Robert Baratheon: There's a war coming, Ned. I don't know when, I don't know who we'll be fighting, but it's coming.
Back across the sea, Drogo fornicates with Daenerys, she’s clearly not enjoying it.
On their way to the Wall, stopping to set up camp for the night.
Benjen Stark: Sit. You'll be fed. Untie them.
Tyrion Lannister: Rapers. They were given a choice no doubt... Castration or the Wall. Most choose the knife. Not impressed by your new brothers? Lovely thing about the Watch... You discard your old family and get a whole new one.
Jon Snow: Why do you read so much?
Tyrion Lannister: Look at me and tell me what you see.
Jon Snow:  Is this a trick?
Tyrion Lannister:  What you see is a dwarf. If I'd been born a peasant they might've left me out in the woods to die. Alas, I was born a Lannister of Casterly Rock. Things are expected of me. My father was the Hand of the King for 20 years.
Jon Snow: Until your brother killed that King.
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, until my brother killed him. Life is full of these little ironies. My sister married the new King and my repulsive nephew will be King after him. I must do my part for the honor of my house, wouldn't you agree? But how? Well, my brother has his sword and I have my mind. And a mind needs books like a sword needs a whetstone. That's why I read so much. And you? What's your story, bastard?
Jon Snow: Ask me nicely and maybe I'll tell you, dwarf.
Tyrion Lannister:  A bastard boy with nothing to inherit, off to join the ancient order of the Night's Watch, alongside his valiant brothers-in-arms.
Jon Snow: The Night's Watch protects the realm from...
Tyrion Lannister: Yes yes, against grumpkins and snarks and all the other monsters your wet nurse warned you about. You're a smart boy. You don't believe that nonsense... Everything's better with some wine in the belly.
Bran’s bedroom, Catelyn still at his bedside, Maester Luwin walks in.
Maester Luwin: It's time we reviewed the accounts, my lady. You'll want to know how much this royal visit has cost us.
Catelyn Stark:  Talk to Poole about it.
Maester Luwin: Poole went south with Lord Stark, my lady. We need a new steward, and there are several other appointments that require our immediate attention...
Catelyn Stark: I don't care about appointments!
Robb Stark:  I'll make the appointments. We'll talk about it first thing in the morning.
Maester Luwin: Very good, my Lord. My Lady.
Robb Stark:  When was the last time you left this room?
Catelyn Stark:  I have to take care of him.
Robb Stark: He's not going to die, mother. Maester Luwin says the most dangerous time has passed.
Catelyn Stark: What if he's wrong? Bran needs me.
Robb Stark: Rickon needs you. He's six. He doesn't know what's happening. He follows me around all day, clutching my leg, crying...
Catelyn Stark: Close the windows! I can't stand it! Please make them stop! (Wolf’s howling repeatedly)
Robb Stark:  Fire. You stay here. I'll come back.
Assassin: You're not supposed to be here. No one is supposed to be here. It's a mercy. He's dead already.
Catelyn Stark:  No!
The man is an assassin, when he draws his blade, Catelyn begins to fend him off. In the process her hands are both sliced. The man walks within inches of Bran and his direwolf comes in and mauls the assassin.
In Daenerys’ tent across the Narrow Sea.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Have you ever seen a dragon?
Irri: Dragon gone, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Everywhere? Even in the east?
Irri: No dragon. Brave men kill them. It is known.
Jhiqui: It is known.
Doreah: A trader from Garth told me that dragons come from the moon.
Daenerys Targaryen: The moon?
Doreah: He told me the moon was an egg, Khaleesi, that once there were two moons in the sky. But one wandered too close to the sun and it cracked from the heat. Out of it poured a thousand thousand dragons and they drank the sun's fire.
Irri: Moon is no egg. Moon is goddess... wife of sun. It is known.
Jhiqui: It is known.
Daenerys Targaryen: Leave me with her. Why did the trader from Garth tell you these stories?
Irri leaves the tent.
Doreah: Men like to talk when they're happy. Before your brother bought me for you, it was my job to make men happy.
Daenerys Targaryen: How old were you?
Doreah: I was nine when my mother sold me to the pleasure house.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Nine?!
Doreah: I did not touch a man for three years, Khaleesi. First you must learn.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Can you teach me how to make the Khal happy?
Doreah: Yes.
Daenerys Targaryen: Will it take three years?
Doreah: No.
Jon, Tyrion, Benjen and company arrive at the wall and look at it from afar.
Benjen Stark: Welcome.
Catelyn is on the ground where Bran’s body was discovered, below the tower he fell from. She looks up and sees the window. She now is looking through that same window where Bran fell. She investigates the room, noticing a cleared patch on some flooring, finding a long blonde hair.
Catelyn holds council in the Godswood with Robb, Theon Greyjoy, Rodrick and Maester Luwin.
Catelyn Stark:  What I am about to tell you must remain between us. I don't think Bran fell from that tower. I think he was thrown.
Maester Luwin: The boy was always sure-footed before.
Catelyn Stark: Someone tried to kill him twice. Why? Why murder an innocent child? Unless he saw something he wasn't meant to see.
Theon Greyjoy: Saw what, my lady?
Catelyn Stark: I don't know. But I would stake my life the Lannisters are involved. We already have reason to suspect their loyalty to the crown.
Rodrick Cassel: Did you notice the dagger the killer used? It's too fine a weapon for such a man. The blade is Valyrian steel, the handle dragonbone. Someone gave it to him.
Robb Stark:  They come into our home and try to murder my brother? If it's war they want...
Theon Greyjoy: If it comes to that, you know I'll stand behind you.
Maester Luwin: What, is there going to be a battle in the Godswood? Too easily words of war become acts of war. We don't know the truth yet. Lord Stark must be told of this.
Catelyn Stark:  I don't trust a raven to carry these words.
Robb Stark:  I'll ride to King's Landing.
Catelyn Stark:  No. There must always be a Stark in Winterfell. I will go myself.
Robb Stark:  Mother, you can't.
Catelyn Stark: I must.
Rodrick Cassel: I'll send Hal with a squad of guardsmen to escort you.
Catelyn Stark:  Too large a party attracts unwanted attention. I don't want the Lannisters to know I'm coming.
Rodrick Cassel: Let me accompany you at least. The Kingsroad can be a dangerous place for a woman alone.
Robb Stark:  What about Bran?
Catelyn Stark:  I have prayed to the Seven for more than a month. Bran's life is in their hands now.
Back at Daenerys’ tent, Doreah is on top of her, “teaching” Daenerys how to please Khal Drogo.
Doreah: No, Khaleesi. You must look in his eyes always. Love comes in at the eyes. It is said that Irogenia of Lys could finish a man with nothing but her eyes.
Daenerys Targaryen: Finish a man?
Doreah: Kings traveled across the world for a night with Irogenia. Magisters sold their palaces. Khals burned her enemies just to have her for a few hours. They say a thousand men proposed to her and she refused them all.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Well, she sounds like an interesting woman. I don't think that Drogo will like it with me on top.
Doreah: You will make him like it, Khaleesi. Men want what they've never had. And the Dothraki take slaves like a hound takes a bitch. Are you a slave, Khaleesi? Then don't make love like a slave. Very good, Khaleesi. Out there he is the mighty Khal, but in this tent, he belongs to you.
Daenerys Targaryen:  I don't think that this is the Dothraki way.
Doreah: If he wanted the Dothraki way, why did he marry you?
Daenerys Targaryen:  No. No. Tonight I would look upon your face.
The Lannisters, traveling Starks and all royal guards have stopped for the evening to rest on their way to King’s Landing.
Sansa Stark:  Pardon me, Ser.
Sandor Clegane: Do I frighten you so much, girl? Or is it him there making you shake? He frightens me too. Look at that face.
Sansa Stark:  I'm sorry if I offended you, Ser. Why won't he speak to me?
Sandor Clegane: He hasn't been very talkative these last 20 years. Since the mad King had his tongue ripped out with hot pincers.
Joffrey Baratheon: He speaks damn well with his sword though. Ser Ilyn Payne, the King's justice. The royal executioner. What is it, sweet lady? Does the hound frighten you? Away with you, dog. You're scaring my lady. I don't like to see you upset. The sun is finally shining. Come walk with me.
Sansa Stark: Stay, Lady. I probably shouldn't have any more. Father only lets us have one cup at feasts.
Joffrey Baratheon:  My princess can drink as much as she wants. Don't worry... You're safe with me.
In a field next to a river, off from where everyone else is.
Mycah: I'll get you!
Sansa Stark:  Arya!
Arya Stark: What are you doing here? Go away.
Joffrey Baratheon:  Your sister? And who are you, boy?
Mycah: Mycah, my Lord.
Sansa Stark: He the butcher's boy.
Arya Stark: He's my friend.
Joffrey Baratheon:  A butcher's boy who wants to be a Knight, eh? Pick up your sword, butcher's boy. Let's see how good you are.
Mycah: She asked me to, my Lord. She asked me to.
Joffrey Baratheon:  I'm your prince, not your lord, and I said pick up your sword.
Mycah: It's not a sword, my prince. It's only a stick.
Joffrey Baratheon: And you're not a Knight. Only a butcher's boy. That was my lady's sister you were hitting, do you know that?
Arya Stark: Stop it!
Sansa Stark:  Arya, stay out of this.
Joffrey Baratheon:  I won't hurt him... Much. Filthy little bitch!
Sansa Stark:  No no, stop it, stop it, both of you. You're spoiling it. You're spoiling everything!
Joffrey Baratheon:  I'll gut you, you little cunt!
Sansa Stark: Arya!
Arya then steps in and fights with Joffrey, disarming him and putting him on his back. Her direwolf sees this as a thread and runs in to defend.
Arya Stark:  Nymeria!
Joffrey Baratheon:  Please don't.
Sansa Stark:  Arya, leave him alone. My prince, my poor prince, look what they did to you. Stay here, I'll go back to the inn and bring help.
Joffrey Baratheon: Then go! Don't touch me.
A hunt has begun for the direwolf that attacked Joffrey.
Soldier 1: The wolf's not here. Look down by the stream.
Arya hidden from everyone telling her direwolf to leave.
Arya Stark:  You've got to go. They'll kill you for what you did to Joffrey. Go on... run. Go! Leave now!
Soldier 2: It's a direwolf.
Soldier 1: I'll check down here.
Soldier 2: I think I heard a noise.
Arya Stark:  Go!
Jory comes to tell Ned that his daughter has been found.
Jory Cassel: My lord! My lord! They found her. She's unharmed.
Eddard Stark: Where is she?
Jory Cassel: She's been taken directly before the King.
Eddard Stark: Who took her?
Jory Cassel: The Lannisters found her.
Eddard Stark: Right, get back.
Jory Cassel: The Queen ordered them to bring her straight to him.
Eddard Stark: Back! Back to the inn. All back!
Now back at the Inn where everyone is staying.
Arya Stark:  I'm sorry.
Eddard Stark: Are you hurt?
Arya Stark: No.
Eddard Stark: It's all right. What is the meaning of this? Why was my daughter not brought to me at once?
Cersei Baratheon:  How dare you speak to your King in that manner?
Robert Baratheon: Quiet, woman. Sorry, Ned. I never meant to frighten the girl. But we need to get this business done quickly.
Cersei Baratheon: Your girl and that butcher's boy attacked my son. That animal of hers nearly tore his arm off.
Arya Stark:  That's not true! She just... Bit him a little. He was hurting Mycah.
Cersei Baratheon: Joffrey told us what happened. You and that boy beat him with clubs while you set your wolf on him.
Arya Stark:  That's not what happened!
Joffrey Baratheon:  Yes it is! They all attacked me and she threw my sword in the river.
Arya Stark:  Liar!
Joffrey Baratheon:  Shut up!
Robert Baratheon: Enough! He tells me one thing, she tells me another. Seven hells! What am I to make of this? Where's your other daughter, Ned?
Eddard Stark: In bed asleep.
Cersei Baratheon: She's not. Sansa, come here, darling.
Robert Baratheon: Now, child... Tell me what happened. Tell it all and tell it true. It's a great crime to lie to a King.
Sansa Stark: I don't know. I don't remember. Everything happened so fast. I didn't see.
Arya Stark: Liar! Liar liar liar!
Sansa Stark: Arya!
Eddard Stark: Stop it! That's enough of that.
Arya Stark:  Liar liar liar!
Eddard Stark: Stop! Arya!
Cersei Baratheon:  She's as wild as that animal of hers. I want her punished.
Robert Baratheon: What would you have me do, whip her through the streets? Damn it, children fight. It's over.
Cersei Baratheon:  Joffrey will bear these scars for the rest of his life.
Robert Baratheon: You let that little girl disarm you? See to it that your daughter is disciplined. I'll do the same with my son.
Eddard Stark: Gladly, your Grace.
Cersei Baratheon:  And what of the direwolf? What of the beast that savaged your son?
Robert Baratheon: I'd forgot the damned wolf.
Soldier: We found no trace of the direwolf, your Grace.
Robert Baratheon: So be it.
Cersei Baratheon: We have another wolf.
Robert Baratheon:  As you will.
Eddard Stark: You can't mean it.
Robert Baratheon: A direwolf's no pet. Get her a dog. She'll be happier for it.
Sansa Stark: He doesn't mean Lady, does he? No no, not Lady! Lady didn't bite anyone! She's good!
Arya Stark: Lady wasn't there! You leave her alone!
Sansa Stark:  Stop them. Don't let them do it. Please! It wasn't Lady!
Eddard Stark: s this your command... your Grace?
Cersei Baratheon:  Where is the beast?
Soldier: Chained up outside, your Grace.
Cersei Baratheon: Ser Ilyn, do me the honor.
Eddard Stark: No. Jory... Take the girls to their rooms. If it must be done, then I'll do it myself.
Cersei Baratheon: Is this some trick?
Eddard Stark:  The wolf is of the north. She deserves better than a butcher.
Once outside, before Eddard lays to rest the direwolf.
Eddard Stark: The butcher's boy... You rode him down?
Sandor Clegane: He ran... Not very fast.
Eddard kills the direwolf on the King’s orders.
The King, Eddard and the rest of the posse have arrived at King’s Landing.
King’s Landing Guard: Welcome, Lord Stark. Grand Maester Pycelle has called a meeting of the Small Council. The honor of your presence is requested.
Eddard Stark: Get the girls settled in. I'll be back in time for supper. And, Jory, you go with them.
Jory Cassel: Yes, my Lord.
King’s Landing Guard: If you'd like to change into something more appropriate…
Ned Stark gives the guard a blank stare before taking off his gloves, the guard realizes Ned’s disinterest and the two begin walking to the council chamber. First they walk through the Great Hall, where the throne sits. Jaime Lannister is lingering in front of the throne.
Jaime Lannister: Thank the gods you're here, Stark. About time we had some stern northern leadership.
Eddard Stark: Glad to see you're protecting the throne.
Jaime Lannister: Sturdy old thing. How many kings' asses have polished it, I wonder? What's the line? The King shits and the Hand wipes.
Eddard Stark:  Very handsome armor. Not a scratch on it.
Jaime Lannister: I know. People have been swinging at me for years, but they always seem to miss.
Eddard Stark: You've chosen your opponents wisely then.
Jaime Lannister: I have a knack for it. It must be strange for you coming into this room. I was standing right here when it happened. He was very brave, your brother. Your father too. They didn't deserve to die like that. Nobody deserves to die like that.
Eddard Stark:  But you just stood there and watched.
Jaime Lannister: 500 men just stood there and watched. All the great knights of the Seven Kingdoms. You think anyone said a word, lifted a finger? No, Lord Stark. 500 men and this room was silent as a crypt. Except for the screams, of course, and the Mad King laughing. And later... When I watched the Mad King die, I remembered him laughing as your father burned... It felt like justice.
Eddard Stark: Is that what you tell yourself at night? You're a servant of justice? That you were avenging my father when you shoved your sword in Aerys Targaryen's back?
Jaime Lannister: Tell me... If I'd stabbed the Mad King in the belly instead of the back, would you admire me more?
Eddard Stark:  You served him well, when serving was safe.
Ned enters the small council’s chamber where the others are already awaiting him.
Varys: Lord Stark.
Eddard Stark: Lord Varys.
Varys: I was grievously sorry to hear of your troubles on the Kingsroad. We are all praying for Prince Joffrey's full recovery.
Eddard Stark:  A shame you didn't say a prayer for the butcher's son. Renly! You're looking well.
Renly Baratheon: And you look tired from the road. I told them this meeting could wait another day, but...
Petyr Baelish: But we have a Kingdom to look after. I've hoped to meet you for some time, Lord Stark. No doubt Lady Catelyn has mentioned me.
Eddard Stark:  She has, Lord Baelish. I understand you knew my brother Brandon as well.
Petyr Baelish: All too well. I still carry a token of his esteem from navel to collarbone.
Eddard Stark: Perhaps you chose the wrong man to duel with.
Petyr Baelish: It wasn't the man that I chose, my Lord. It was Catelyn Tully. A woman worth fighting for, I'm sure you'll agree.
Grand Maester Pycelle: I humbly beg your pardon, my Lord Stark.
Eddard Stark:  Grand Maester.
Grand Maester Pycelle: How many years has it been? You were a young man.
Eddard Stark: And you served another King.
Grand Maester Pycelle: How forgetful of me. This belongs to you, now. Should we begin?
Eddard Stark:  Without the King?
Renly Baratheon: Winter may be coming, but I'm afraid the same cannot be said for my brother.
Varys: His Grace has many cares. He entrusts some small matters to us that we might lighten the load.
Petyr Baelish:  We are the lords of small matters here.
Renly Baratheon: My brother instructs us to stage a tournament in honor of Lord Stark's appointment as Hand of the King.
Petyr Baelish:  Mmm, how much?
Eddard Stark: 40,000 gold dragons to the champion, 20,000 to the runner-up, 20,000 to the winning archer.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Can the treasury bear such expense?
Petyr Baelish:  I'll have to borrow it. The Lannisters will accommodate, I expect. We already owe Lord Tywin 3 million gold. What's another 80,000?
Eddard Stark:  Are you telling me the Crown is three million in debt?
Petyr Baelish: I'm telling you the Crown is six million in debt.
Eddard Stark:  How could you let this happen?
Petyr Baelish:  The Master of Coin finds the money. The King and the Hand spend it.
Eddard Stark:  I will not believe Jon Arryn allowed Robert to bankrupt the realm.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Lord Arryn gave wise and prudent advice, but I fear His Grace doesn't always listen.
Renly Baratheon: "Counting coppers," he calls it.
Eddard Stark:  I'll speak to him tomorrow. This tournament is an extravagance we cannot afford.
Petyr Baelish:  As you will. But still, we'd best make our plans.
Eddard Stark:  There will be no plans until I speak to Robert. Forgive me, my Lords. I had a long ride.
Varys: You are the King's Hand, Lord Stark, we serve at your pleasure.
Cersei tending to Joffrey’s “wound”.
Cersei Baratheon: Please, it's nearly healed.
Joffrey Baratheon:  It's ugly.
Cersei Baratheon: A King should have scars, you fought off a direwolf. You're a warrior like your father.
Joffrey Baratheon:  I'm not like him. I didn't fight off anything. It bit me and all I did was scream. And the two Stark girls saw it, both of them.
Cersei Baratheon: That's not true. You killed the beast. You only spared the girl because of the love your father bears her father. When Aerys Targaryen sat on the Iron Throne, your father was a rebel and a traitor. Someday you'll sit on the throne and the truth will be what you make it.
Joffrey Baratheon: Do I have to marry her?
Cersei Baratheon: Yes. She's very beautiful and young. If you don't like her, you only need to see her on formal occasions and when the time comes, to make little princes and princesses. And if you'd rather fuck painted whores, you'll fuck painted whores. And if you'd rather lie with noble virgins, so be it. You are my darling boy and the world will be exactly as you want it to be. Do something nice for the Stark girl.
Joffrey Baratheon:  I don't want to.
Cersei Baratheon: No, but you will. The occasional kindness will spare you all sorts of trouble down the road.
Joffrey Baratheon: We allow the northerners too much power. They consider themselves our equals.
Cersei Baratheon: How would you handle them?
Joffrey Baratheon:  I'd double their taxes and command them to supply 10,000 men to the royal army.
Cersei Baratheon:  A royal army?
Joffrey Baratheon:  Why should every lord command his own men? It's primitive, no better than the hill tribes. We should have a standing army of men loyal to the Crown, trained by experienced soldiers... Instead of a mob of peasants who've never held pikes in their lives.
Cersei Baratheon: And if the northerners rebel?
Joffrey Baratheon: I'd crush them. Seize Winterfell and install someone loyal to the realm as Warden of the North. Uncle Kevan, maybe.
Cersei Baratheon: And these 10,000 northern troops, would they fight for you or their lord?
Joffrey Baratheon:  For me. I'm their King.
Cersei Baratheon:  But you've just invaded their homeland, asked them to kill their brothers.
Joffrey Baratheon:  I'm not asking.
Cersei Baratheon: The North cannot be held... not by an outsider. It's too big and too wild. When the winter comes, the Seven gods together couldn't save you and your royal army. A good King knows when to save his strength... And when to destroy his enemies.
Joffrey Baratheon:  So you agree... The Starks are enemies?
Cersei Baratheon:  Everyone who isn't us is an enemy.
Arya, Sansa and their Septa are all around a table eating. Arya is stabbing a knife into the table between her fingers.
Septa Mordane: Enough of that, young lady. Eat your food.
Arya Stark:  I'm practicing.
Sansa Stark:  Practicing for what?
Arya Stark: The Prince.
Septa Mordane: Arya, stop!
Arya Stark: He's a liar and a coward and he killed my friend.
Sansa Stark: The Hound killed your friend.
Arya Stark: The Hound does whatever the Prince tells him to do.
Sansa Stark: You're an idiot.
Arya Stark: You're a liar. And if you told the truth, Mycah would be alive.
Septa Mordane: Enough!
Septa Mordane begins escorting Arya away from the table as Ned walks in.
Eddard Stark:  What's happening here?
Septa Mordane: Arya would rather act like a beast than a lady.
Eddard Stark:  Go to your room. We'll speak later. That's for you, love…
Ned places a wrapped package in front of Sansa on the table.
Eddard Stark:  The same dollmaker makes all of Princess Myrcella's toys. Don't you like it?
Sansa Stark: I haven't played with dolls since I was eight. May I be excused?
Septa Mordane: You've barely eaten a thing.
Eddard Stark:  It's all right. Go on.
Sansa gets up from the table, leaving only Ned and Septa Mordane.
Eddard Stark: War was easier than daughters.
Arya is unsheathing Needle privately in her room as Ned knocks on the door.
Arya Stark: Go away!
Eddard Stark: Arya, open the door. May I come in? Whose sword is that?
Arya Stark:  Mine.
Eddard Stark:  Give it to me. I know this maker's mark. This is Mikken's work. Where did you get this? This is no toy. Little ladies shouldn't play with swords.
Arya Stark: I wasn't playing. And I don't want to be a lady.
Eddard Stark:  Come here. Now what do you want with this?
Arya Stark:  It's called Needle.
Eddard Stark:  A blade with a name. And who were you hoping to skewer with Needle? Your sister? Do you know the first thing about sword fighting?
Arya Stark: Stick 'em with the pointy end.
Eddard Stark: [laughs] That's the essence of it.
Arya Stark: I was trying to learn. I asked Mycah to practice with me. I asked him. It was my fault.
Eddard Stark:  No, sweet girl. You didn't kill the butcher's boy.
Arya Stark: I hate them! I hate all of them. The Hound, the Queen and the King and Joffrey and Sansa.
Eddard Stark:  Sansa was dragged before the King and Queen... And asked to call the Prince a liar.
Arya Stark: So was I! He is a liar.
Eddard Stark: Darling, listen to me. Sansa will be married to Joffrey someday. She cannot betray him. She must take his side even when he's wrong.
Arya Stark: But how you can let her marry someone like that?
Eddard Stark: Well… Look at me. You're a Stark of Winterfell. You know our words.
Arya Stark: Winter is coming.
Eddard Stark: You were born in the long summer. You've never known anything else. But now winter is truly coming. And in the winter, we must protect ourselves, look after one another. Sansa is your sister.
Arya Stark: I don't hate her. Not really.
Eddard Stark: I don't want to frighten you, but I won't lie to you either. We've come to a dangerous place. We cannot fight a war amongst ourselves. All right? Go on. It's yours.
Arya Stark: I can keep it?
Eddard Stark:  Try not to stab your sister with it. If you're going to own a sword, you'd better know how to use it.
Bran’s bedside in Winterfell. A crow lands on his windowsill.
Old Nan:  Don't listen to it. Crows are all liars. I know a story about a crow.
Bran Stark:  I hate your stories.
Old Nan:  I know a story about a boy who hated stories. I could tell you about Ser Duncan the Tall. Those were always your favorites.
Bran Stark: Those weren't my favorites. My favorites were the scary ones.
Old Nan: Oh, my sweet summer child. What do you know about fear? Fear is for the winter, when the snows fall a hundred feet deep. Fear is for the long night, when the sun hides for years and children are born and live and die all in darkness. That is the time for fear, my little Lord, when the White Walkers move through the woods. Thousands of years ago there came a night that lasted a generation. Kings froze to death in their castles, same as the shepherds in their huts. And women smothered their babies rather than see them starve, and wept and felt the tears freeze on their cheeks. So is this the sort of story that you like? In that darkness, the White Walkers came for the first time. They swept through cities and kingdoms, riding their dead horses, hunting with their packs of pale spiders big as hounds…
Robb walks into the room, interrupting Old Nan’s story.
Robb Stark:  What are you telling him now?
Old Nan: Only what the little Lord wants to hear.
Robb Stark:  Get your supper. I want some time with him. One time she told me the sky is blue because we live inside the eye of a blue-eyed giant named Macumber.
Bran Stark:  Maybe we do.
Robb Stark:  How do you feel? You still don't remember anything? I've seen you climb a thousand times. In the wind, in the rain... A thousand times. You never fall.
Bran Stark:  I did though. It's true, isn't it... what Maester Luwin says about my legs? I'd rather be dead.
Robb Stark: Don't ever say that.
Bran Stark: I'd rather be dead.
Catelyn and Rodrick arrive at King’s Landing, entering through a back entrance.
Rodrick Cassel: Fewer eyes back here, my Lady. But still too many.
Catelyn Stark:  It's nine years since I've set foot in the capital. And no one knew who I was the last time I came either.
Rodrick Cassel: My Lady.
Two guards pull up to her on horseback and hand her a scroll, informing her that she is to follow them.
Guard: Welcome to King's Landing, Lady Stark. Would you mind following us?
Catelyn Stark:  I would. We've done nothing wrong.
Guard: We've been instructed to escort you into the city.
Catelyn Stark: Instructed? I don't know who's providing your instructions, but...
Guard: Follow me, Lady Stark.
At Baelish’s brothel.
Petyr Baelish:  Cat! Go on. Go upstairs. (to his whores)
Catelyn Stark:  You little worm! You take me for some back-alley Sally you can drag into a…
Two naked whores interrupt, Baelish snaps at them to leave.
Petyr Baelish: I meant no disrespect to you of all people.
Catelyn Stark:  How dare you bring me here! Have you lost your mind?
Petyr Baelish:  No one will come looking for you here. Isn't that what like you wanted? I'm truly sorry... about the locale.
Catelyn Stark:  How did you know I was coming to King's Landing?
Petyr Baelish: A dear friend told me.
Varys:  Lady Stark.
Catelyn Stark:  Lord Varys.
Varys:  To see you again after so many years is a blessing. Your poor hands.
Catelyn Stark: How did you know I was coming?
Varys:  Knowledge is my trade, my Lady. Did you bring the dagger with you, by any chance? My little birds are everywhere. Even in the north. They whisper to me the strangest stories. Valyrian steel.
Catelyn Stark:  Do you know whose dagger this is?
Varys:  I must admit I do not.
Petyr Baelish:  Well well, this is an historic day. Something you don't know that I do. There's only one dagger like this in all of the Seven Kingdoms. It's mine.
Catelyn Stark:  Yours?
Petyr Baelish: At least it was, until the tournament on Prince Joffrey's last nameday. I bet on Ser Jaime in the jousting, as any sane man would. When the Knight of the Flowers unseated him, I lost this dagger.
Catelyn Stark: To whom?
Petyr Baelish:  Tyrion Lannister. The Imp.
At Castle Black, in a courtyard. Grenn and Jon are swordfighting, Jon getting the best of him and breaking his nose.
Alliser Thorne: If that were a real sword, you'd be dead. Lord Snow here grew up in a castle spitting down on the likes of you. Pyp. Do you think Ned Stark's bastard bleeds like the rest of us?
Pyp steps forward and with one move Jon has him on his back.
Alliser Thorne: Next!
Jon quickly dispatches of another newcomer, we see Lord Commander Jeor and Tyrion looking on from a balcony.
Alliser Thorne: Next!
Another man starts againt Jon Snow, as another joins, Jon defeats the two of them almost instantly.
Alliser Thorne: Lord Snow, it appears you're the least useless person here. Go clean yourselves up. There's only so much I can stomach in a day.
Tyrion and Lord Commander talking, overlooking the courtyard.
Tyrion Lannister: A charming man.
Jeor Mormont: I don't need him to be charming. I need him to turn this bunch of thieves and runaways into men of the Night's Watch.
Tyrion Lannister: And how's that going, Commander Mormont?
Jeor Mormont: Slowly. A raven came for Ned Stark's son.
Tyrion Lannister: Good news or bad?
Jeor Mormont: Both.
Back in the throne room, just outside of the small council chambers.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Lord Stark. I meant to give you this earlier. So forgetful these days. A raven from Winterfell this morning.
Petyr Baelish:  Good news? Perhaps you'd like to share it with your wife?
Eddard Stark:  My wife is in Winterfell.
Petyr Baelish:  Is she?
Baelish leads Ned to the entrance of his brothel. Ned is not so keen on the idea and begins choking Baelish.
Petyr Baelish:  I thought that she'd be safest in here. One of several such establishments I own.
Eddard Stark: You're a funny man. A very funny man.
Catelyn Stark:  Ned! [poking her head out of a window]
Petyr Baelish: The Starks... Quick tempers, slow minds.
Jon is in the armory of Castle Black, putting away equipment when a gang of the guys jump him.
Grenn: You broke my nose, bastard!
Jon Snow:  It's an improvement.
Grenn: If we threw you over the Wall, wonder how long it'd take you to hit.
Pyp: I wonder if they'd find you before the wolves did.
Grenn: What're you looking at, halfman?
Tyrion Lannister:  I'm looking at you. You've got an interesting face. Very distinctive faces. All of you.
Rast: What do you care about our faces?
Tyrion Lannister: It's just I think they would look marvelous decorating spikes in King's Landing. Perhaps I'll write my sister, the Queen, about it.
Grenn: We'll talk later, Lord Snow.
Jon Snow: Everybody knew what this place was and no one told me. No one but you. My father knew and left me to rot here at the Wall all the same.
Tyrion Lannister:  Grenn's father left him too... Outside a farmhouse when he was three. Pyp was caught stealing a wheel of cheese. His little sister hadn't eaten in three days. He was given a choice: his right hand or the Wall. I've been asking the Lord Commander about them. Fascinating stories.
Jon Snow: They hate me because I'm better than they are.
Tyrion Lannister: It's a lucky thing none of them were trained by a master-at-arms like your Ser Rodrik. I don't imagine any of them have ever held a real sword before they came here. Your brother Bran. He's woken up.
At Baelish’s brothel.
Petyr Baelish: The mere suggestion that the Queen's brother tried to kill your boy would be considered treason.
Catelyn Stark: We have proof. We have the blade.
Petyr Baelish:  Which Lord Tyrion will say was stolen from him. The only man who could say otherwise has no throat, thanks to your boy's wolf.
Catelyn Stark:  Petyr has promised to help us find the truth. He's like a little brother to me. He would never betray my trust.
Petyr Baelish:  I'll try to keep you alive, for her sake. A fool's task, admittedly, but I've never been able to refuse your wife anything.
Catelyn Stark: I won't forget this. You're a true friend.
Petyr Baelish:  Don't tell anyone. I have a reputation to maintain.
In the Queen’s chambers.
Cersei Baratheon: How could you be so stupid?
Jaime Lannister: Calm down.
Cersei Baratheon: He's a child... 10 years old. What were you thinking?
Jaime Lannister: I was thinking of us. You're a bit late to start complaining about it now. What has the boy told them?
Cersei Baratheon: Nothing. He's said nothing. He remembers nothing.
Jaime Lannister: Then what are you raving about?
Cersei Baratheon: What if it comes back to him? If he tells his father what he saw...
Jaime Lannister: We'll say he was lying. We'll say he was dreaming. We'll say whatever we like. I think we can outfox a 10-year-old.
Cersei Baratheon: And my husband?
Jaime Lannister: I'll go to war with him if I have to. They can write a ballad about us : "The War for Cersei's Cunt."
Cersei hits Jaime, he spins her around and hugs her from behind, whispering into her ear.
Cersei Baratheon: Let me go.
Jaime Lannister: Never.
Cersei Baratheon: Let me go.
Jaime Lannister: The boy won't talk. And if he does, I'll kill him. Him, Ned Stark, the King... the whole bloody lot of them, until you and I are the only people left in this world.
In a back alley before Catelyn leaves King’s Landing.
Catelyn Stark:  I wish I could see the girls.
Eddard Stark:  It's too dangerous.
Catelyn Stark: Just for a moment.
Eddard Stark:  Until we know who our enemies are...
Catelyn Stark: I know they did it, Ned. The Lannisters. In my bones, I know it.
Eddard Stark:  Littlefinger's right. I can't do anything without proof.
Cersei Baratheon: And if you find the proof?
Eddard Stark: Then I bring it to Robert... And hope he's still the man I once knew. You watch yourself on the road, huh? That temper of yours is a dangerous thing.
Catelyn Stark: My temper? Gods be good, you nearly killed poor Littlefinger yesterday.
Eddard Stark: He still loves you.
Catelyn Stark: Does he?
Eddard Stark: Off with you.
In the King’s chambers, he’s drinking and eating at a table.
Robert Baratheon:  It's been a long time. But I still remember every face. You remember your first?
Barristan Selmy: Of course, your Grace.
Robert Baratheon:  Who was it?
Barristan Selmy: A Tyroshi. Never learned the name.
Robert Baratheon: How'd you do it?
Barristan Selmy: Lance through the heart.
Robert Baratheon: Quick one. Lucky for you. Mine was some Tarly boy at the Battle of Summerhall. My horse took an arrow so I was on foot, slogging through the mud. He came running at me, this dumb high-born lad, thinking he could end the rebellion with the single swing of his sword. I knocked him down with the hammer. Gods, I was strong then. Caved in his breastplate. Probably shattered every rib he had. Stood over him, hammer in the air. Right before I brought it down he shouted, "Wait! Wait!"... They never tell you how they all shit themselves. They don't put that part in the songs. Stupid boy. Now the Tarlys bend the knee like everyone else. He could have lingered on the edge of the battle with the smart boys and today his wife would be making him miserable, his sons would be ingrates, and he'd be waking three times in the night to piss into a bowl. Wine! Lancel. Gods, what a stupid name. Lancel Lannister. Who named you? Some halfwit with a stutter? What are you doing?
Lancel Lannister: It's empty, your Grace.
Robert Baratheon: What do you mean it's empty?
Lancel Lannister: There's no more wine.
Robert Baratheon:  Is that what empty means?! So get more. Tell your cousin to get in here. Kingslayer! Get in here. Surrounded by Lannisters. Every time I close my eyes I see their blond hair and their smug, satisfied faces. It must wound your pride, huh? Standing out there like a glorified sentry. Jaime Lannister, son of the mighty Tywin... Forced to mind the door while your King eats and drinks and shits and fucks. So come on. We're telling war stories. Who was your first kill, not counting old men?
Jaime Lannister: One of the outlaws in the Brotherhood.
Barristan Selmy: I was there that day. You were only a squire, 16 years old.
Jaime Lannister: You killed Simon Toyne with a counter riposte. Best move I ever saw.
Barristan Selmy: A good fighter, Toyne, but he lacked stamina.
Robert Baratheon: Your outlaw... Any last words?
Jaime Lannister: I cut his head off, so no.
Robert Baratheon: What about Aerys Targaryen? What did the Mad King say when you stabbed him in the back? I never asked. Did he call you a traitor? Did he plead for a reprieve?
Jaime Lannister: He said the same thing he'd been saying for hours... "Burn them all." If that's all, your Grace...
Riding horseback and walking through fields.
Daenerys Targaryen: : Do the Dothrakis buy their slaves?
Jorah Mormont:  The Dothraki don't believe in money. Most of their slaves were given to them as gifts.
Daenerys Targaryen: From whom?
Jorah Mormont:  If you rule a city and you see the horde approaching, you have two choices : pay tribute or fight. An easy choice for most. Of course, sometimes it's not enough. Sometimes a Khal feels insulted by the number of slaves he's given. He might think the men too weak or the women too ugly. Sometimes a Khal decides his riders haven't had a good fight in months and need the practice.
Daenerys sees one of the Dothraki men strike a slave with a whip for not moving fast enough.
Daenerys Targaryen: Tell them all to stop.
Jorah Mormont: You want the entire horde to stop? For how long?
Daenerys Targaryen:  Until I command them otherwise.
Jorah Mormont:  You're learning to talk like a Queen.
Daenerys Targaryen: Not a Queen. A Khaleesi.
Daenerys dismounts her horse and walks through the field off of the path. She hears noises coming towards her and grass snapping. Her brother Viserys storms into the clearing on horseback wielding a sword.
Viserys Targaryen: You dare! You give commands to me? To me? You do not command the dragon. I am Lord of the Seven Kingdoms. I don't take orders from savages or their sluts. Do you hear me?
Viserys has his sword to Daenerys’ throat. Rakharo whips Viserys, wrapping it around his neck and yanking him to his back.
Irri: Rakharo ask if you want him dead, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen:  No!
Irri: Rakharo say you should take ear, to teach respect.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Please please, don't hurt him. Tell him I don't want my brother harmed.
Viserys Targaryen: Kill these Dothraki dogs! I am your King!
Jorah Mormont:  Shall we return to the Khalasar, Khaleesi?
Rakharo: You walk. [to Viserys]
Jon and Benjen looking out over the wall. Benjen saying goodbye.
Benjen Stark:  I wanted to be here when you saw it for the first time. I'm leaving this morning.
Jon Snow: You're leaving?
Benjen Stark: I'm the First Ranger. My job is out there. There have been disturbing reports.
Jon Snow:  What kind of reports?
Benjen Stark:  The kind I don't want to believe.
Jon Snow: 'm ready. I won't let you down.
Benjen Stark: You're not going. You're no ranger, Jon.
Jon Snow: But I'm better than every...
Benjen Stark: Better than no one! Here... A man gets what he earns, when he earns it. We'll speak when I return.
Yoren and Tyrion getting drunk on wine in a the mess hall of Castle Black.
Yoren: A bear's balls.
Tyrion Lannister: You're joking?
Yoren: And his brains and his guts, his lungs and his heart all fried in his own fat. When you're a hundred miles north of the Wall and you ate your last meal a week ago, you leave nothing for the wolves.
Tyrion Lannister: And how do a bear's balls taste?
Yoren: A bit chewy. And what about you, my Lord? What's the strangest thing you've eaten?
Tyrion Lannister:  Do Dornish girls count? So you roam the Seven Kingdoms, collaring pickpockets and horse thieves and bringing them here as eager recruits?
Yoren: But it's not all of 'em's done bad things. Some of 'em's just poor lads looking for steady feed. Some of 'em's high-born lads looking for glory.
Tyrion Lannister: They have a better chance finding feed than glory.
Benjen enters.
Benjen Stark: The Night's Watch is a joke to you, is it? Is that what we are, Lannister? An army of jesters in black?
Tyrion Lannister:  You don't have enough men to be an army and aside from Yoren here, none of you are particularly funny.
Benjen Stark:  I hope we've provided you with some good stories to tell when you're back in King's Landing. But something to think about while you're drinking your wine down there, enjoying your brothels... Half the boys you've seen training will die north of the Wall. Might be a wilding's axe that gets them, might be sickness, might just be the cold. They die in pain. And they do it so plump little lords like you can enjoy their summer afternoons in peace and comfort.
Tyrion Lannister: Do you think I'm plump? Listen, Benjen... May I call you Benjen?
Benjen Stark: Call me what you like.
Tyrion Lannister:  I'm not sure what I've done to offend you. I have great admiration for the Night's Watch. I've great admiration for you as First Ranger.
Benjen Stark: You know, my brother once told me that nothing someone says before the word "but" really counts.
Tyrion Lannister: But... I don't believe that giants and ghouls and White Walkers are lurking beyond the Wall. I believe that the only difference between us and the wildlings is that when the Wall went up, our ancestors happened to live on the right side of it.
Benjen Stark:  You're right. The wildlings are no different from us. A little rougher maybe. But they're made of meat and bone. I know how to track them and I know how to kill them. It's not the wildlings giving me sleepless nights. You've never been north of the Wall, so don't tell me what's out there.
Yoren: Are you going below? Keep well, keep warm.
Benjen Stark:  Enjoy the capital, brother.
Yoren: I always do.
Tyrion Lannister: I think he's starting to like me. "Going below"?
Yoren: Into the tunnel and out the other side. He'll be north of the Wall for a month or two.
Tyrion Lannister: So you're heading down to King's Landing too.
Yoren: Day after tomorrow. I get about half of my recruits from their dungeons.
Tyrion Lannister: Let's share the road. I could use some decent company.
Yoren: I travel a bit on the grubby side, my Lord.
Tyrion Lannister:  Not this time. We'll be staying at the finest castles and inns. No one turns away a Lannister.
Irri is braiding Daenerys hair and teaching her Dothraki. She feels Daenerys’ breast.
Irri: Yes, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen:  What are you doing?
Irri: When was last time you bleed, Khaleesi? You change, Khaleesi. It’s a blessing from the Great Stallion.
Jorah and Rakharo around a fire in a tent.
Jorah Mormont:  For a man on horseback, the curved blade is a good thing, easier to handle. It's a good weapon for a Dothrakan. But a man in full plate... the arakh won't get through the steel. That's where the broadsword has the advantage. Designed for piercing plate.
Rakharo: Dothraki don’t wear steel dresses.
Jorah Mormont: Armor.
Rakharo: Armor. Armor make a man... Vroz?
Jorah Mormont:  Slow.
Rakharo: Slow.
Jorah Mormont: It's true, but it also keeps a man alive.
Rakharo: My father taught me how to fight. He taught me that speed defeats size.
Jorah Mormont:  I’ve heard that your father was a famous warrior.
Rakharo: He was bloodrider to Khal Bharbo. And your father, Jorah the Andal? He was a warrior also?
Jorah Mormont: He still is. A man of great honor. And I betrayed him.
Irri: The Khaleesi wants to eat something different tonight. Kill some rabbits.
Rakharo: There are no rabbits.
Irri: Find some ducks, she likes ducks.
Rakharo: Have you seen any ducks, woman? No rabbits, no ducks. Do you have eyes in your head? Do you?
Irri: Dog then. I have seen many dogs.
Jorah Mormont: I don't think she wants to eat dog.
Irri: The Khaleesi have baby inside her. It is true. She does not bleed for two moons. Her belly start to swell.
Rakharo: A blessing from the Great Stallion.
Irri: She does not want to eat horse.
Jorah Mormont: I'll have the boys butcher a goat for supper. I need to ride to Qohor.
Rhakaro: We ride for Vaes Dothrak.
Jorah Mormont: Don't worry. I'll catch you. The horde's easy to find.
Back again in the courtyard of Castle Black. Jon is battling his brothers in black as Tyrion overlooks from the balcony. Jon continuing to defeat them, he begins teaching them.
Jon Snow: Don't stand so still. It's harder to hit a moving target. Except for you. You move too much. I could just hold my sword out and let you do the work for me.
Tyrion reenters the hall to speak and drink with Aemon and Lord Commander.
Maester Aemon: How many winters have you seen, Lord Tyrion?
Tyrion Lannister:  Eight... no, nine.
Maester Aemon: All of them brief?
Tyrion Lannister:  They say the winter of my birth was three years long, Maester Aemon.
Maester Aemon: This summer has lasted nine. But reports from the Citadel tell us the days grow shorter. The Starks are always right eventually : winter is coming. This one will be long and dark things will come with it.
Jeor Mormont: We've been capturing wildlings, more every month. They're fleeing south. The ones who flee... say they've seen the White Walkers.
Tyrion Lannister:  Yes, and the fishermen of Lannisport say they see mermaids.
Jeor Mormont: One of our own rangers swore he saw them kill his companions. He swore it right up to the moment Ned Stark chopped his head off.
Maester Aemon: The Night's Watch is the only thing standing between the realm and what lies beyond. And it has become an army of undisciplined boys and tired old men. There are less than a thousand of us now. We can't man the other castles on the Wall. We can't properly patrol the wilderness. We've barely enough resources to keep our lads armed and fed.
Jeor Mormont: Your sister sits by the side of the King. Tell her we need help.
Maester Aemon: When winter does come, gods help us all if we're not ready.
The Khal and Daenerys are intertwined in their tent via candlelight. Daenerys surprises Drogo and speaks Dothraki to him.
Daenerys Targaryen:  It’s a boy.
Khal Drogo: How do you know?
Daenerys Targaryen: I know.
Tyrion is pissing off of the wall, when he’s done, Jon and him converse near a fire.
Jon Snow:  I'm sorry to see you leave, Lannister.
Tyrion Lannister: It's either me or this cold. And it doesn't appear to be going anywhere.
Jon Snow:  Will you stop at Winterfell on your way South?
Tyrion Lannister:  I expect I will. Gods know there aren't many feather beds between here and King's Landing.
Jon Snow:  If you see my brother Bran, tell him I miss him. Tell him I'd visit if I could.
Tyrion Lannister: Of course.
Jon Snow: He'll never walk again.
Tyrion Lannister: If you're going to be a cripple, it's better to be a rich cripple. Take care, Snow.
Jon Snow: Farewell, My Lord.
Arya arrives to her “dance lesson” in King’s Landing.
Syrio Forel:  You are late, boy. Tomorrow you will be here at midday.
Arya Stark:  Who are you?
Syrio Forel: Your dancing master, Syrio Forel.
Syrio throws a wooden sword to Arya, she does not catch it, but drops it.
Syrio Forel: Tomorrow you will catch it. Now pick it up. That is not the way, boy. This is not a great sword that is needing two hands to swing it.
Arya Stark:  It's too heavy.
Syrio Forel:  It is heavy as it needs to be to make you strong. Just so. One hand is all that is needed. Now you are standing all wrong. Turn your body side-face. So. You are skinny. That is good. The target is smaller. Now the grip... Let me see. The grip must be delicate.
Arya Stark: What if I drop it?
Syrio Forel: The steel must be part of your arm. Can you drop part of your arm? No. Nine years Syrio Forel was first sword to the Sealord of Braavos. He knows these things. You must listen to me, boy.
Arya Stark: I'm a girl.
Syrio Forel:  Boy, girl... You are a sword, that is all. That is the grip. You are not holding a battle-axe. You are holding...
Arya Stark:  A needle.
Syrio Forel: Ahhh… Just so. Now we will begin the dance. Remember, child, this is not the dance of the Westeros we are learning... The knight's dance, hacking and hammering. This is the Bravo's dance... The water dance. It is swift and sudden. All men are made of water, do you know this? If you pierce them, the water leaks out and they die. Now you will try to strike me.
Arya takes several attempts as Syrio turns his back, defending her and disarming her constantly. She begins picking up on a few things, but still needs much work. Ned enters in the doorway and his smile turns to a grimace watching his daughter swordfight.
Syrio Forel: Up! Dead. Dead. Very dead. Come. Again, faster.
Open to Bran Stark dreaming. He is in the courtyard of Winterfell shooting a bow as a raven flies in. As he approaches it, it flies into the crypt, continuously cawing. As Bran enters the crypt he makes direct eye contact with the raven and sees that it has three eyes. He wakes up. Theon enters just as he wakes up.
Old Nan: The little Lord's been dreaming again.
Theon Greyjoy: We have visitors.
Bran Stark: I don't want to see anyone.
Theon Greyjoy: Really? If I was cooped up all day with no one but this old bat for company, I'd go mad. Anyway, you don't have a choice. Robb's waiting.
Bran Stark: I don't want to go.
Theon Greyjoy: Neither do I. But Robb's Lord of Winterfell, which means I do what he says and you do what I say. Hodor! (Hodor enters, hoisting up Bran and carrying him away) Help Bran down the hall.
Tyrion standing in front of Robb and Maester Luwin inside the Winterfell castle.
Tyrion Lannister:  I must say I received a slightly warmer welcome on my last visit.
Robb Stark: Any man of the Night's Watch is welcome at Winterfell.
Tyrion Lannister: Any man of the Night's Watch, but not I, eh, boy?
Robb Stark: I'm not your boy, Lannister. I'm Lord of Winterfell while my father is away.
Tyrion Lannister: Then you might learn a lord's courtesy.
Hodor enters carrying Bran.
Tyrion Lannister: So it's true. Hello Bran. Do you remember anything about what happened?
Maester Luwin: He has no memory of that day.
Tyrion Lannister: Curious.
Robb Stark:  Why are you here?
Tyrion Lannister: Would your charming companion be so kind as to kneel? My neck is beginning to hurt.
Bran Stark: Kneel, Hodor.
Tyrion Lannister: Do you like to ride, Bran?
Bran Stark: Yes. Well, I mean I did like to.
Maester Luwin: The boy has lost the use of his legs.
Tyrion Lannister: What of it? With the right horse and saddle, even a cripple can ride.
Bran Stark: I'm not a cripple.
Tyrion Lannister: Then I'm not a dwarf. My father will rejoice to hear it. I have a gift for you. Give that to your saddler. He'll provide the rest. You must shape the horse to the rider. Start with a yearling and teach it to respond to the reins and to the boy's voice.
Bran Stark: Will I really be able to ride?
Tyrion Lannister:You will. On horseback you will be as tall as any of them.
Robb Stark: Is this some kind of trick? Why do you want to help him?
Tyrion Lannister: I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples, bastards and broken things.
Robb Stark: You've done my brother a kindness. The hospitality of Winterfell is yours.
Tyrion Lannister: Spare me your false courtesies, Lord Stark. There's a brothel outside your walls. There I'll find a bed and both of us can sleep easier.
Before Tyrion exits Winterfell for the brothel, Theon sees him off in the courtyard.
Theon Greyjoy: Couldn't resist some northern ass? If you like redheads, ask for Ros.
Tyrion Lannister: Come to see me off, Greyjoy? Kind of you. Your master doesn't seem to like Lannisters.
Theon Greyjoy: He's not my master.
Tyrion Lannister: No, of course not. What happened here? Where is lady Stark? Why didn't she receive me?
Theon Greyjoy: She wasn't feeling well.
Tyrion Lannister: She's not in Winterfell, is she? Where did she go?
Theon Greyjoy: My lady's whereabouts...
Tyrion Lannister: My lady? Your loyalty to your captors is touching. Tell me, how do you think Balon Greyjoy would feel if he could see his only surviving son has turned lackey? I still remember seeing my father's fleet burn in Lannisport. I believe your uncles were responsible?
Theon Greyjoy: Must have been a pretty sight.
Tyrion Lannister: Nothing prettier than watching sailors burn alive. Yes, a great victory for your people. Shame how it all turned out.
Theon Greyjoy: We were outnumbered 10 to one.
Tyrion Lannister: A stupid rebellion then. I suppose your father realized that when your brothers died in battle. Now here you are, your enemy's squire.
Theon Greyjoy: Careful, Imp.
Tyrion Lannister: I've offended you. Forgive me, it's been a rough morning. Anyway, don't despair. I'm a constant disappointment to my own father and I've learned to live with it. Your next tumble with Ros is on me. I'll try not to wear her out.
In the courtyard of Castle Black, Jon Snow is giving the group lessons in fighting. As Alliser marches in with a new recruit, Samwell Tarly.
Jon Snow: Leg, shoulder, leg. Left foot forward. Good. Now pivot as you deliver the stroke. Put all your weight behind it.
Grenn: What in seven hells is that?
Pyp: They'll need an eighth hell to fit him in.
Alliser Thorne: Tell them your name.
Samwell Tarly: Samwell Tarly, of Horn Hill. I mean, I was of Horn Hill. I've come to take the black.
Rast: Come to take the black pudding.
Alliser Thorne: Well, you couldn't be any worse than you look. See what he can do.
Samwell Tarly: I yield. Please, no more.
Alliser Thorne: On your feet. Pick up your sword. Hit him till he finds his feet. It seems they've run short of poachers and thieves down south. Now they send us squealing bloody pigs. Again, harder.
Jon Snow: Enough! He yielded.
Alliser Thorne: Looks like the bastard's in love. All right then, lord Snow, you wish to defend your lady love, let's make it an exercise. You two. Three of you ought to be sufficient to make lady piggy squeal. All you've got to do is get past the bastard.
Jon Snow: Are you sure you want to do this?
Alliser has the three guys attack Jon, trying to get to Sam, Jon successfully defends them all off.
Grenn: No. Yield yield yield! I yield.
Alliser Thorne: We're done for today. Go clean the armory. That's all you're good for.
Pyp: Well fought!
Grenn: Piss off.
Samwell Tarly: Did he hurt you?
Jon Snow:  I've had worse.
Samwell Tarly: You can call me Sam... If you want. My mother calls me Sam.
Jon Snow: It's not going to get any easier, you know? You'll have to defend yourself.
Grenn: Why didn't you get up and fight?
Samwell Tarly: I wanted to. I just couldn't.
Grenn: Why not?
Samwell Tarly: I'm a coward. My father always says so.
Jon Snow:  The Wall's no place for cowards.
Samwell Tarly: You're right. I'm sorry. I just... Wanted to thank you.
Grenn: A bloody coward. People saw us talking to him. Now they'll think we're cowards too.
Pyp: You're too stupid to be a coward.
Grenn: You're too stupid to be a...
Pyp: Quick now, before summer's over.
Grenn: Come on here!
Daenerys and the horde have arrived to the Dothraki homeland.
Jorah Mormont: Vaes Dothrak. The city of the horselords.
Daenerys Targaryen: These are my people now. You shouldn't call them savages.
Viserys Targaryen: I'll call them what I like, because they're my people. This is my army. Khal Drogo is marching the wrong way with my army.
Daenerys Targaryen: If my brother was given an army of Dothraki, could you conquer the Seven Kingdoms?
Jorah Mormont: The Dothraki have never crossed the Narrow Sea. They fear any water their horses can't drink.
Daenerys Targaryen: But if they did?
Jorah Mormont: King Robert is fool enough to meet them in open battle, but the men advising him are different.
Daenerys Targaryen: And you know these men?
Jorah Mormont: I fought beside them once, long ago. Now Ned Stark wants my head. He drove me from my land.
Daenerys Targaryen: You sold slaves.
Jorah Mormont: Aye.
Daenerys Targaryen: Why?
Jorah Mormont: I had no money and an expensive wife.
Daenerys Targaryen: And where is she now?
Jorah Mormont: In another place, with another man.
Viserys is in a tub inside of a tent, being bathed by Doreah.
Doreah: Your Grace?
Viserys Targaryen: Yes, my dear?
Doreah: They call you the last dragon...
Viserys Targaryen: They do.
Doreah: You have dragon's blood in your veins?
Viserys Targaryen: It's entirely possible.
Doreah: What happened to the dragons? I was told that brave men killed them all.
Viserys Targaryen: The brave men didn't kill dragons. The brave men rode them. Rode them from Valyria to build the greatest civilization this world has ever seen. The breath of the greatest dragon forged the Iron Throne, which the Usurper is keeping warm for me. The swords of the vanquished, a thousand of them... melted together like so many candles.
Doreah: I have always wanted to see a dragon. There is nothing in the world that I would rather see.
Viserys Targaryen:Really? Why dragons?
Doreah: They can fly. And wherever they are, just a few flaps of their wings and they're somewhere else... Far away. And they can kill. Anyone or anything that tries to hurt them gets burned away to nothing... melted... like so many candles. Seeing a dragon would make me very happy.
Viserys Targaryen: Well, after 15 years in a pleasure house, I imagine just seeing the sky makes you happy.
Doreah: I was not locked in. I have seen things.
Viserys Targaryen: What have you seen?
Doreah: I've seen... A man from Asshai with a dagger of real dragonglass. I've seen a man who could change his face the way that other men change their clothes. And I've seen a pirate who wore his weight in gold and whose ship had sails of colored silk. So... Have you seen one?
Viserys Targaryen: A pirate ship?
Doreah: A dragon.
Viserys Targaryen: No, the last one died many years before I was born. I'll tell you what I have seen : their skulls. They used to decorate the throne room in the Red Keep. When I was very young, just 3 or 4, my father used to walk me down the rows and I'd recite their names for him. When I got them all right, he'd give me a sweet. The ones closest to the door were the last ones they were able to hatch and they were all stunted and wrong. Skulls no bigger than dog skulls. But as you got closer to the Iron Throne... They got bigger and bigger and bigger. There was Ghiscar and Valryon, Vermithrax, Essovius, Archonel, Meraxes, Vhagar... And Balerion the Dread... whose fire forged the Seven Kingdoms into one.
Doreah: What happened to the skulls?
Viserys Targaryen: I don't know. The Usurper had them smashed to powder, I expect. Scattered to the wind.
Doreah: That's very sad.
Viserys Targaryen: Yes, it is. What did I buy you for? To make me sad?
Doreah: No, your Grace. To teach your sister.
Viserys Targaryen: To teach my sister how to be a better lover? You think I bought you to make Khal Drogo happy? You pretty little idiot. Go on then. Get on with it.
Inside of the throne room at King’s Landing.
Septa Mordane: Someday your husband will sit there and you will sit by his side. And one day, before too long, you will present your son to the court. All the lords of Westeros will gather here to see the little prince...
Sansa Stark: What if I have a girl?
Septa Mordane: Gods be good, you'll have boys and girls and plenty of them.
Sansa Stark: What if I only have girls?
Septa Mordane: I wouldn't worry about that.
Sansa Stark: Jeyne Poole's mother had five children, all of them girls.
Septa Mordane: Yes, but it's highly unlikely.
Sansa Stark: But what if?
Septa Mordane: If you only had girls, I suppose the throne would pass to Prince Joffrey's little brother.
Sansa Stark: And everyone would hate me.
Septa Mordane: Nobody could ever hate you.
Sansa Stark: Joffrey does.
Septa Mordane: Nonsense. Why would you say such a thing? That business with the wolves? I've told you a hundred times... A direwolf is not...
Sansa Stark: Please shut up about it.
Septa Mordane: Do you remember your lessons? Who built the Iron Throne?
Sansa Stark: Aegon the Conqueror.
Septa Mordane: And who built the Red Keep?
Sansa Stark: Maegor the Cruel.
Septa Mordane: And how many years did it take to build...
Sansa Stark: My grandfather and uncle were murdered here, weren't they?
Septa Mordane: They were killed on the orders of King Aerys, yes.
Sansa Stark: The Mad King.
Septa Mordane: Commonly known as the Mad King.
Sansa Stark: Why were they killed?
Septa Mordane: You should speak to your father about these matters.
Sansa Stark: I don't want to speak to my father, ever.
Septa Mordane: You will find it in your heart to forgive your father.
Sansa Stark: No, I won't.
Small council meeting in King’s Landing.
Janos Slynt: It's the Hand's tournament that's causing all this trouble, my Lords.
Eddard Stark: The King's tournament. I assure you the Hand wants no part of it.
Janos Slynt: Call it what you will, Lord Stark Ser, the city is packed with people and more flooding in every day. Last night we had a tavern riot, a brothel fire, three stabbings and a drunken horse race down the Street of Sisters.
Varys: Dreadful.
Renly Baratheon: If you can't keep the King's peace, perhaps the City Watch should be commanded by someone who can.
Janos Slynt: I need more men.
Eddard Stark:  You'll get 50. Lord Baelish will see it paid for.
Petyr Baelish: I will?
Eddard Stark:  You found money for a champion's purse, you can find money to keep the peace. I'll also give you 20 of my household guards till the crowds have left.
Janos Slynt: Thank you, my Lord Hand Ser. They will be put to good use.
Eddard Stark: The sooner this is over, the better.
Varys: The realm prospers from such events, my Lord. They give the great a chance at glory, and the lowly a respite from their woes.
Petyr Baelish: And every inn in the city is full and the whores are walking bow-legged.
Eddard Stark: I'm sure the tourney puts coins in many a pocket. Now... If there's nothing else, my Lords?
Eddard dismisses the council, as they are all leaving, Ned stops Pycelle.
Grand Maester Pycelle: This heat. On days like this, I envy you northerners your summer snows. Until tomorrow my Lord.
Eddard Stark:  I've been hoping to talk to you about Jon Arryn.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Lord Arryn? His death was a great sadness to all of us. I took personal charge of his care, but I could not save him. His sickness struck him very hard and very fast. I saw him in my chambers just the night before he passed. Lord Jon often came to me for counsel.
Eddard Stark:  Why?
Grand Maester Pycelle: I have been Grand Maester for many years. Kings and Hands have come to me for advice since...
Eddard Stark:  What did Jon want the night before he died?
Grand Maester Pycelle: He came inquiring after a book.
Eddard Stark:  A book? What book?
Grand Maester Pycelle: I fear it would be of little interest to you, my Lord. A ponderous tome.
Eddard Stark: I'd like to read it.
Now in Pycelle’s room, he hands a book to Ned.
Grand Maester Pycelle: "The lineages and histories of the great houses of the Seven Kingdoms, with descriptions of many high lords and noble ladies and their children."
Eddard Stark:  "Harkon Umber, first of his name, born to lord Hother Umber and lady Amaryllis Umber in the 183rd year after Aegon's landing, at the last hearth. Blue of eye, brown of hair and fair complected, died in his 14th year of a wound sustained
in a bear hunt."
Grand Maester Pycelle: As I said, my Lord, a ponderous read.
Eddard Stark:  Did Jon Arryn tell you what he wanted with it?
Grand Maester Pycelle: He did not, my Lord. And I did not presume to ask.
Eddard Stark:  Jon's death...
Grand Maester Pycelle: Such a tragedy.
Eddard Stark:  Did he say anything to you during his final hours?
Grand Maester Pycelle:Nothing of import, my Lord. There was one phrase he kept repeating: "The seed is strong," I think it was.
Eddard Stark:  "The seed is strong"? What does that mean?
Grand Maester Pycelle: The dying mind is a demented mind, Lord Stark. For all the weight they're given, last words are usually as significant as first words.
Eddard Stark: And you're quite certain he died of a natural illness?
Grand Maester Pycelle: What else could it be?
Eddard Stark:  Poison.
Grand Maester Pycelle: A disturbing thought. I don't think it likely. The Hand was loved by all. What sort of man would dare...
Eddard Stark:  I've heard it said that poison is a woman's weapon.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Yes. Women, cravens... and eunuchs. Did you know that lord Varys is a eunuch?
Eddard Stark:  Everybody knows that.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Yes, yes, of course. How that sort of person found himself on the King's Council, I will never know.
Eddard Stark: I've taken enough of your time.
Grand Maester Pycelle: No trouble at all, my Lord. It's a great honor...
Eddard Stark:  Thank you. I'll find my own way out.
Ned is walking back to his chambers as he sees Arya balancing on one foot in front of a staircase.
Arya Stark: Syrio says a water dancer can stand on one toe for hours.
Eddard Stark:  It's a hard fall down these steps.
Arya Stark: Syrio says every hurt is a lesson and every lesson makes you better. Tomorrow I'm going to be chasing cats.
Eddard Stark:  Cats? Syrio says…
Arya Stark: He says every swordsman should study cats. They're quiet as shadows and as light as feathers. You have to be quick to catch them.
Eddard Stark:  He's right about that.
Arya Stark: Now that Bran's awake will he come live with us?
Eddard Stark: He needs to get his strength back first.
Arya Stark:He wants to be a knight of the King’s Guard. He can't be one now, can he?
Eddard Stark: No. But someday he could be Lord of a holdfast or sit on the King's Council. Or he might raise castles like Brandon the Builder.
Arya Stark: Can I be Lord of a holdfast?
Eddard Stark: You will marry a high Lord and rule his castle. And your sons shall be knights and princes and lords.
Arya Stark: No. That's not me.
Keeping watch on the wall, Sam joins Jon as his watch partner.
Samwell Tarly: Hello. Ser Alliser said I'm to be your new watch partner. I should warn you, I don't see all that well.
Jon Snow: Come stand by the fire. It's warmer.
Samwell Tarly: No, that's all right. I'm fine.
Jon Snow: You're not. You're freezing.
Samwell Tarly: I don't like high places.
Jon Snow:  You can't fight. You can't see. You're afraid of heights and almost everything else probably. What are you doing here, Sam?
Samwell Tarly: On the morning of my 18th nameday, my father came to me. "You're almost a man now," he said, "but you're not worthy of my land and title. Tomorrow, you're going to take the black, forsake all claim to your inheritance and start north. If you do not," he said, "then we'll have a hunt and somewhere in these woods your horse will stumble and you'll be thrown from your saddle to die. Or so I'll tell your mother. Nothing would please me more." Ser Alliser's going to make me fight again tomorrow, isn't he?
Jon Snow:  Yes, he is.
Samwell Tarly: I'm not going to get any better, you know?
Jon Snow:  Well… You can't get any worse.
Walking through the gardens of King’s Landing.
Petyr Baelish: I hear you're reading a boring book.
Eddard Stark: Pycelle talks too much.
Petyr Baelish: He never stops. Do you know Ser Hugh of the Vale? Not surprising. Until recently, he was only a squire... Jon Arryn's squire. He was knighted almost immediately after his master's untimely death.
Eddard Stark:  Knighted for what? Why are you telling me this?
Petyr Baelish: I promised Cat that I'd help you.
Eddard Stark:  Where is Ser Hugh? I'll speak to him.
Petyr Baelish: A singularly bad idea. Do you see that boy there? One of Varys's little birds. The Spider has taken a great interest in your comings and goings. Now look there. That one belongs to the Queen. And do you see that Septa pretending to read her book?
Eddard Stark: Varys or the Queen?
Petyr Baelish: No. She's one of mine. Is there someone in your service whom you trust completely?
Eddard Stark:  Yes.
Petyr Baelish: The wiser answer was no, my Lord. Get a message to this paragon of yours... Discreetly. Send him to question Ser Hugh. After that, you might want him to visit a certain armorer in the city. He lives in a large house at the top of the street of Steel.
Eddard Stark:  Why?
Petyr Baelish: I have my observers, as I said, and it's possible that they saw Lord Arryn visit this armorer several times in the weeks before his death.
Eddard Stark: Lord Baelish, perhaps I was wrong to distrust you.
Petyr Baelish: Distrusting me was the wisest thing you've done since you climbed off your horse.
Preparing for the Hand of the King’s tournament, Ser Hugh is pacing out steps on the joust.
Jory Cassel: Ser Hugh? Ser Hugh!
Hugh of the Vale: As you can see, I'm busy.
Jory Cassel: I'm here on behalf of Lord Eddard Stark, the Hand of the king. I'm the captain of his guard.
Hugh of the Vale: I'm sorry. I didn't catch your name, Ser...
Jory Cassel: No "ser." I'm not a knight.
Hugh of the Vale: I see. Well, it just so happens that I am.
Riding on horseback through King’s Landing, Ned and Jory arrive at the armorer.
Jory Cassel: He said he'd be glad to talk to the Hand himself. He's a knight, you see.
Eddard Stark:  A knight. They strut around like roosters down here. Even the ones who've never seen an arrow coming their way.
Jory Cassel: You shouldn't be out here, my Lord. There's no telling who has eyes where.
Eddard Stark: Let them look.
Tobho Mott: The former Hand did call on me, my Lord, several times. I regret to say he did not honor me with his patronage.
Eddard Stark:  What did Lord Arryn want?
Tobho Mott: He always came to see the boy.
Eddard Stark:  I'd like to see him as well.
Tobho Mott: As you wish, my Lord. Gendry! Here he is. Strong for his age. He works hard. Show the Hand the helmet you made, lad.
Eddard Stark: This is fine work.
Gendry: It's not for sale.
Tobho Mott: Boy, this is the King's Hand! If his lordship wants the helmet...
Gendry: I made it for me.
Tobho Mott: Forgive him, my Lord.
Eddard Stark: There's nothing to forgive. When Lord Arryn came to visit you, what would you talk about?
Gendry: He just asked me questions is all, my Lord.
Eddard Stark: What kind of questions?
Gendry: About my work at first, if I was being treated well, if I liked it here. But then he started asking me about my mother.
Eddard Stark: Your mother?
Gendry: Who she was, what she looked like.
Eddard Stark: What did you tell him?
Gendry: She died when I was little. She had yellow hair. She'd sing to me sometimes.
Eddard Stark: Look at me. Get back to work, lad. If the day ever comes when that boy'd rather wield a sword than forge one, you send him to me.
Jory Cassel: Find anything?
Eddard Stark: King Robert's bastard son.
Jaime is standing guard outside of the king’s chambers. You can hear King Robert with numerous girls inside his room.
Jory Cassel: This is for the King from Lord Stark.
Jaime Lannister: Listen. Do you hear them? How many do you think are in there with him? Guess.
Jory Cassel: Three? Four?
Jaime Lannister:  He likes to do this when I'm on duty... He makes me listen as he insults my sister.
Jory Cassel: Forgive me, my Lord...
Jaime Lannister: Why do I have to forgive you? Have you wronged me?
Jory Cassel: We've met before, you know.
Jaime Lannister:  Have we? Strange, I've forgotten.
Jory Cassel: The siege of Pyke. We fought side by side one afternoon.
Jaime Lannister: That's where you got your scar?
Jory Cassel: Aye. One of the Greyjoys nearly took my eye.
Jaime Lannister:  Vicious sons of whores.
Jory Cassel: They like their bloodshed.
Jaime Lannister: They stopped liking it at the end. That was a proper battle. D'you remember Thoros of Myr charging through the breach?
Jory Cassel: With his burning sword? I'll remember that till the day I die.
Jaime Lannister:  I saw the youngest of the Greyjoy lads at Winterfell. It was like seeing a shark on a mountaintop.
Jory Cassel: Theon? He's a good lad.
Jaime Lannister:  I doubt it.
Robert Baratheon: I'll bet you smell of blackberry jam! Let me smell it. Come here.
Jory Cassel: Can I leave this with you? The message from Lord Stark.
Jaime Lannister: I don't serve Lord Stark.
In the mess hall at Castle Black.
Grenn: Where have you been?
Jon Snow: Watch duty. With Sam.
Pyp: Prince Porkchop. Where is he?
Jon Snow: He wasn't hungry.
Pyp: Impossible!
Jon Snow: That's enough. Sam's no different from the rest of us. There was no place for him in the world, so he's come here. We're not going to hurt him in the training yard anymore. Never again, no matter what Thorne says. He's our brother now and we're going to protect him.
Rast: You are in love, Lord Snow. You girls can do as you please. But if Thorne puts me up against Lady Piggy, I'm gonna slice me off a side of bacon.
All of the new recruits are sleeping. Jon, Ghost (his direwolf), Pyp and Grenn ambush and gag Rast as he sleeps. Jon threatens him.
Jon Snow:  No one touches Sam.
Back in the training yard the next morning. Rast is defying Alliser and not attacking Sam.
Alliser Thorne: What are you waiting for? Attack him! You, get in there.
Grenn: Hit me. Go on, hit me! I yield! Yield yield. I yield.
Alliser Thorne: You think this is funny, do you? When you're out there beyond the Wall with the sun going down, do you want a man at your back? Or a sniveling boy?
After their bath, Viserys drags Doreah by her hair through the camp and into Daenerys’ tent.
Viserys Targaryen: You send this whore to give me commands? I should have sent you back her head!
Doreah: Forgive me, Khaleesi. I did as you asked.
Daenerys Targaryen: Hush now. It's all right. Irri, take her and leave us.
Irri: Yes, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: Why did you hit her?!
Viserys Targaryen: How many times do I have to tell you? You do not command me.
Daenerys Targaryen: I wasn't commanding you. I just wanted to invite you to supper.
Viserys Targaryen: What's this?
Daenerys Targaryen: It's a gift. I had it made for you.
Viserys Targaryen: Dothraki rags? Are you going to dress me now?
Daenerys Targaryen: Please.
Viserys Targaryen: This stinks of manure. All of it.
Viserys Targaryen: You would turn me into one of them, wouldn't you? Next you'll want to braid my hair.
Daenerys Targaryen: You've no right to a braid. You've won no victories yet.
Viserys Targaryen: You do not talk back to me!
Viserys hit Daenerys, as he mounts her to keep hitting her, she fends him off with a chain.
Viserys Targaryen: You are a horselord's slut. And now you've woken the dragon...
Daenerys Targaryen: I am a Khaleesi of the Dothraki! I am the wife of the great Khal and I carry his son inside me. The next time you raise a hand to me will be the last time you have hands.
Inside the Castle Black mess hall, cleaning up.
Samwell Tarly: I know for a fact that some of the officers go to that brothel in Mole's Town.
Jon Snow: I wouldn't doubt it.
Samwell Tarly: Don't you think it's a little bit unfair? Making us take our vows while they sneak off for a little sally on the side?
Jon Snow:  Sally on the side?
Samwell Tarly:It's silly, isn't it? What, we can't defend the Wall unless we're celibate? It's absurd.
Jon Snow: I didn't think you'd be so upset about it.
Samwell Tarly:Why not? Because I'm fat? But I like girls just as much as you do. They might not like me as much. I've never... been with one. You've probably had hundreds.
Jon Snow:  As a matter of fact, I'm the same as you.
Samwell Tarly: I find that hard to believe.
Jon Snow:  I came very close once. I was alone in a room with a naked girl, but...
Samwell Tarly:You didn't know where to put it?
Jon Snow:  I know where to put it.
Samwell Tarly:Was she... Old and ugly?
Jon Snow:  Young and gorgeous. A whore named Ros.
Samwell Tarly: What color hair?
Jon Snow: Red.
Samwell Tarly: I like red hair. And her... Her...
Jon Snow:  You don't want to know.
Samwell Tarly: That good?
Jon Snow: Better.
Samwell Tarly: Oh no. So why exactly did you not make love to Ros with the perfect...
Jon Snow:  What's my name?
Samwell Tarly: Jon Snow?
Jon Snow:  And why is my surname Snow?
Samwell Tarly: Because... You're a bastard from the north.
Jon Snow: I never met my mother. My father wouldn't even tell me her name. I don't know if she's living or dead. I don't know if she's a noblewoman or a fisherman's wife... Or a whore. So I sat there in the brothel as Ros took off her clothes. But I couldn't do it. Because all I could think was what if I got her pregnant and she had a child, another bastard named Snow? It's not a good life for a child.
Samwell Tarly: So... You didn't know where to put it?
Alliser Thorne: Enjoying yourselves? You look cold, boys.
Samwell Tarly: It is a bit nippy.
Alliser Thorne: A bit nippy, yeah, by the fire, indoors. It's still summer. Do you boys even remember the last winter? How long has it been now? What, 10 years? I remember. Was it uncomfortable at Winterfell? Were there days when you just couldn't get warm, never mind how many fires your servants built?
Jon Snow: I build my own fires.
Alliser Thorne: That's admirable. I spent six months out there, beyond the Wall during the last winter. It was supposed to be a two-week mission. We heard a rumor Mance Rayder was planning to attack Eastwatch. So we went out to look for some of his men... Capture them, gather some knowledge. The Wildlings who fight for Mance Rayder are hard men. Harder than you'll ever be. They know their country better than we do. They knew there was a storm coming in. So they hid in their caves and waited for it to pass. And we got caught in the open. Wind so strong it yanked 100-foot trees straight from the ground, roots and all. If you took your gloves off to find your cock to have a piss, you lost a finger to the frost. And all in darkness. You don't know cold. Neither of you do. The horses died first. We didn't have enough to feed them, to keep them warm. Eating the horses was easy. But later when we started to fall... That wasn't easy. We should have had a couple of boys like you along, shouldn't we? Soft, fat boys like you. We'd have lasted a fortnight on you and still had bones leftover for soup. Soon we'll have new recruits and you lot will be passed along to the Lord Commander for assignment and they will call you men of the Night's Watch, but you'd be fools to believe it. You're boys still. And come the winter you will die... Like flies.
Inside Daenerys’ tent, speaking privately to Jorah.
Daenerys Targaryen: I hit him. I hit the dragon.
Jorah Mormont: Your brother Rhaegar was the last dragon. Viserys is less than the shadow of a snake.
Daenerys Targaryen: He is still the true King.
Jorah Mormont: The truth now: do you want to see your brother sitting on the Iron Throne?
Daenerys Targaryen: No. But the common people are waiting for him. Illyrio said they're sewing dragon banners and praying for his return.
Jorah Mormont: The common people pray for rain, health and a summer that never ends. They don't care what games the high Lords play.
Daenerys Targaryen:What do you pray for, Ser Jorah?
Jorah Mormont: Home.
Daenerys Targaryen: I pray for home too. My brother will never take back the Seven Kingdoms. He couldn't lead an army even if my husband gave him one. He'll never take us home.
At the Hand of the King’s tournament. Baelish sees Sansa looking at Joffrey who hides his face from her.
Petyr Baelish: Lover's quarrel?
Sansa Stark: I'm sorry. Do I...?
Septa Mordane: Sansa dear, this is Lord Baelish. He's known...
Petyr Baelish: An old friend of the family. I've known your mother a long long time.
Arya Stark: Why do they call you Littlefinger?
Sansa Stark: Arya!
Septa Mordane: Don't be rude!
Petyr Baelish: No, it's quite all right. When I was a child I was very small and I come from a little spit of land called The Fingers, so you see, it's an exceedingly clever nickname.
Robert Baratheon: I've been sitting here for days! Start the damn joust before I piss myself!
The competitors step forward on their horses, Baelish introduces them to Sansa.
Sansa Stark: Gods, who is that?
Petyr Baelish: Ser Gregor Clegane. They call him the Mountain. The Hound's older brother.
Sansa Stark: And his opponent?
Petyr Baelish: Ser Hugh of the Vale. He was Jon Arryn's squire. Look how far he's come.
Robert Baratheon: Yes, yes. Enough of the bloody pomp. Have at it!
The joust begins. The first pass takes its course with no contact. On the second pass, the Mountain’s joust strikes Ser Hugh in the neck, causing a massive splinter, and his blood gushing out. This occurs directly in front of where Sansa is sitting.
Petyr Baelish: Not what you were expecting? Has anyone ever told you the story of the Mountain and the Hound? Lovely little tale of brotherly love. The Hound was just a pup, six years old maybe. Gregor a few years older, already a big lad, already getting a bit of a reputation. Some lucky boys just born with a talent for violence. One evening... Gregor found his little brother playing with a toy by the fire... Gregor's toy, a wooden knight. Gregor never said a word, he just grabbed his brother by the scruff of his neck and shoved his face into the burning coals. Held him there while the boy screamed, while his face melted. There aren't very many people who know that story.
Sansa Stark: I won't tell anyone. I promise.
Petyr Baelish: No, please don't. If the Hound so much as heard you mention it, I'm afraid all the knights in King's Landing would not be able to save you.
In Eddard’s quarters, Cersei enters.
Jory Cassel: My Lord, Her Grace the Queen.
Eddard Stark: Your Grace.
Cersei Baratheon: You're missing your tournament.
Eddard Stark: Putting my name on it doesn't make it mine.
Cersei Baratheon: I thought we might put what happened on the Kingsroad behind us – the ugliness with the wolves. And forcing you to kill the beast was extreme. Though sometimes we go to extremes where our children are concerned. How is Sansa?
Eddard Stark:  She likes it here.
Cersei Baratheon: The only Stark who does. Favors her mother, not much of the north in her.
Eddard Stark: What are you doing here?
Cersei Baratheon:  I might ask the same of you. What is it you hope to accomplish?
Eddard Stark:  The King called on me to serve him and the realm, and that's what I'll do until he tells me otherwise.
Cersei Baratheon: You can't change him. You can't help him. He'll do what he wants, which is all he's ever done. You'll try your best to pick up the pieces.
Eddard Stark:  If that's my job, then so be it.
Cersei Baratheon: You're just a soldier, aren't you? You take your orders and you carry on. I suppose it makes sense. Your older brother was trained to lead and you were trained to follow.
Eddard Stark:  I was also trained to kill my enemies, Your Grace.
Cersei Baratheon: As was I.
At an inn along the King’s Road. Catelyn is heading back towards Winterfell.
Marillion: Seven blessings to you, goodfolk!
Catelyn Stark: And to you.
Rodrick Cassel: Boy! Bread, meat and beer, quickly.
Marillion: Good idea, grandfather. I'm starving. A song while we wait or?
Rodrick Cassel: I'd rather throw myself down a well.
Marillion: Grandfather, may be your last chance if you're heading north. The only music the northerners know is the howling of wolves!
Tyrion and Yoren of the Night’s Watch enter the inn. Catelyn attempts to hide herself.
Masha Heddle: I'm sorry, my Lord, we're full up. Every room.
Tyrion Lannister: My men can sleep in the stable. As for myself, I don't require a large room.
Masha Heddle: Truly, my lord, we have nothing.
Tyrion Lannister: Is there nothing I can do... to remedy this?
Bronn: You can have my room.
Tyrion Lannister: There's a clever man. You can manage food, I trust? Yoren, dine with me.
Yoren: Aye, my Lord.
Marillion: My Lord of Lannister! Might I entertain you while you eat? I can sing of your father's victory at King's Landing!
Tyrion Lannister: Nothing would more likely ruin my supper. Lady Stark! What an unexpected pleasure. I was sorry to have missed you at Winterfell.
Masha Heddle: Lady Stark.
Catelyn Stark: I was still Catelyn Tully the last time I stayed here. You, Ser... Is that the black bat of Harrenhal I see embroidered on your coat?
Knight of House Whent: It is, my Lady.
Catelyn Stark: And is Lady Whent a true and honest friend to my father... Lord Hoster Tully of Riverrun?
Knight of House Whent: She is.
Catelyn Stark: The red stallion was always a welcome sight at Riverrun. My father counts Jonas Bracken amongst his oldest and most loyal bannermen.
Knight of House Bracken: Our lord is honored by his trust.
Tyrion Lannister: I envy your father all his fine friends, but I don't quite see the purpose of this.
Catelyn Stark:Knight of House Frey: Lord Walder is well, my Lady. He has asked your father for the honor of his presence on his 90th nameday. He plans to take another wife.
Catelyn Stark: This man... Came into my house as a guest and there conspired to murder my son, a boy of 10. In the name of King Robert and the good Lords you serve, I call upon you to seize him and help me return him to Winterfell to await the king's justice.
All of the knights draw their swords towards Tyrion.
King's Landing, Ned Stark arrives at the grounds where the Tourney of the Hand will take place. He enters a tent where Ser Hugh (deceased) is being tended to, he enters to speak with Barristan.
Eddard Stark: Does Ser Hugh have any family in the capital?
Barristan Selmy: No. I stood vigil for him myself last night. He had no one else.
Eddard Stark: He'd never worn this armor before.
Barristan Selmy: Bad luck for him... Going against the Mountain.
Eddard Stark: Who determines the draw?
Barristan Selmy: All the knights draw straws, Lord Stark.
Eddard Stark: Aye... But who holds the straws? You've done good work, Sisters.
Ned and Barristan both exit the tent and begin walking.
Barristan Selmy: Life is strange. Not so many years ago we fought as enemies at the Trident.
Eddard Stark: I'm glad we never met on the field, Ser Barristan... as is my wife. I don't think the widow's life would suit her.
Barristan Selmy: You're too modest. I've seen you cut down a dozen great knights.
Eddard Stark: My father once told me you were the best he'd ever seen. I never knew the man to be wrong about matters of combat.
Barristan Selmy: He was a fine man, your father. What the Mad King did to him was a terrible crime.
Eddard Stark: And that lad... He was a squire until a few months ago. How could he afford a new suit of armor?
Barristan Selmy: Perhaps Lord Arryn left him some money? I hear the King wants to joust today.
Eddard Stark: Yes. That will never happen.
Barristan Selmy: Robert tends to do what he wants.
Eddard Stark: If the King got what he wanted all the time, we'd still be fighting a damned rebellion.
Ned separates from Barristan and enters King Robert’s tent. Lancel, Robert’s squire, is attempting to dress him in his armor.
Lancel Lannister: It's made too small, Your Grace. It won't go.
Robert Baratheon: Your mother was a dumb whore with a fat arse. Did you know that? Look at this idiot! One ball and no brains. He can't even put a man's armor on him properly.
Eddard Stark: You're too fat for your armor.
Robert Baratheon: Fat? Fat, is it? Is that how you speak to your King? That was funny, is it?
Both Robert and Ned begin laughing. Lancel also starts to laugh.
Robert Baratheon: Oh, it’s funny, is it?
Lancel Lannister: No, Your Grace.
Robert Baratheon: No? You don't like the Hand's joke?
Eddard Stark: You're torturing the poor boy.
Robert Baratheon: You heard the Hand. The King's too fat for his armor! Go find the breastplate stretcher, now!
Lancel runs out of the tent.
Eddard Stark: The breastplate stretcher?
Robert Baratheon: How long before he figures it out?
Eddard Stark: Maybe you should have one invented.
Robert Baratheon: All right, all right. But you watch me out there. I still know how to point a lance.
Eddard Stark: You have no business jousting. Leave that for the young men.
Robert Baratheon: Why? Because I'm king? Piss on that. I want to hit somebody!
Eddard Stark: And who's going to hit you back?
Robert Baratheon: Anybody who can. And the last man in his saddle... will be you!
Eddard Stark:There's not a man in the Seven Kingdoms would risk hurting you.
Robert Baratheon: Are you telling me those cowards would let me win?
Eddard Stark: Aye.
Robert Baratheon: … Drink.
Eddard Stark: I'm not thirsty.
Robert Baratheon: Drink. Your King commands it. Gods! Too fat for my armor.
Eddard Stark: Your squire... A Lannister boy?
Robert Baratheon: Hmm... A bloody idiot... But Cersei insisted. I have Jon Arryn to thank for her. "Cersei Lannister will make a good match", he told me. "You'll need her father on your side." I thought being King meant I could do whatever I wanted. Enough of this! Let's go watch 'em ride. At least I can smell someone else's blood.
Eddard Stark: Robert?
Robert Baratheon: What? Oh! An inspiring sight for the people, eh? Come! Bow before your King! Bow, you shits!
Now at the jousting track where there are lots of onlookers, cheering. Ser Gregor bows before the King before he and his horse take off down one lane of the track.
Eddard Stark: Where's Arya
Sansa Stark: At her dancing lessons. The Knight of the Flowers.
Sansa Stark: Thank you, Ser Loras.
After bowing to Sansa, Loras exchanges looks with Renly Baratheon. Loras then rides and bows before the King, also taking off down the opposite track.
Sansa Stark: Don't let Ser Gregor hurt him.
Eddard Stark: Hey.
Sansa Stark: I can't watch.
Behind Ned and Sansa.
Petyr Baelish: 100 gold dragons on the Mountain.
Renly Baratheon: I'll take that bet.
Petyr Baelish: Now what will I buy with 100 gold dragons? A dozen barrels of Dornish wine? Or a girl from the pleasure houses of Lys?
Renly Baratheon: Or you could even buy a friend.
Sansa Stark: He's going to die.
Eddard Stark: Ser Loras rides well.
A trumpet is heard and both competitors race down their lanes. Loras knocks Ser Gregor off of his mount.
Renly Baratheon: Such a shame, Littlefinger. It would have been so nice for you to have a friend.
Petyr Baelish: And tell me, Lord Renly, when will you be having your friend?
Petyr Baelish: Loras knew his mare was in heat. Quite crafty, really.
Sansa Stark: Ser Loras would never do that! There's no honor in tricks.
Petyr Baelish: No honor but quite a bit of gold.
Gregor gets up off of the ground, shouts for his sword. His squire brings it to him and then Gregor severs his horse’s head completely off. The crowd is stunned, Gregor then attacks Loras. Knocking him off of his horse and striking him with his sword. Sandor, the Hound, runs down from the stands and fends off his brother.
Robert Baratheon: Stop this madness in the name of your King!
Sandor takes a bow and Gregor storms off. Loras walks up to Sandor, raising his hand in victory.
Loras Tyrell: I owe you my life, Ser.
Sandor Clegane: I'm no Ser.
Stopping for rest, presumed on the Kingsroad on their way to Winterfell.
Catelyn Stark: Remove his hood.
Marillion: On that eve, the captive Imp down-wards from his horse did limp, no more would he preen and primp, in garb of red and gold. (singing)
Tyrion Lannister: This isn't the Kingsroad. You said we were riding for Winterfell.
Catelyn Stark: I did... often and loudly.
Tyrion Lannister: Very wise. They'll be out in droves, looking for me in the wrong place. Word's probably gotten to my father by now. He'll be offering a handsome reward. Everyone knows a Lannister always pays his debts. Would you be so good as to untie me?
Catelyn Stark: And why would I do that?
Tyrion Lannister: Why not? Am I going to run? The hill tribes would kill me for my boots. Unless a Shadowcat ate me first.
Catelyn Stark: Shadowcats and hill tribes are the least of your concerns.
Tyrion Lannister: Ah... the Eastern Road. We're going to The Vale. You're taking me to your sister's to answer for my imagined crimes. Tell me, Lady Stark. When was the last time you saw your sister?
Catelyn Stark: Five years ago.
Tyrion Lannister: She's changed. She was always a bit touched, but now... you might as well kill me here.
Catelyn Stark: I am not a murderer, Lannister.
Tyrion Lannister: Neither am I! I had nothing to do with the attempt on your son's life!
Catelyn Stark: The dagger found
Tyrion Lannister: What sort of imbecile arms an assassin with his own blade?
Rodrik Cassel: Should I gag him?
Tyrion Lannister: Why? Am I starting to make sense?
Rodrik Cassel: My Lady, this way.
A rock slams into one of Catelyn’s men, a hill tribe begins to attack. Rodrik moves Catelyn behind a rock, out of harms way. The men, mainly Bronn begin successfully defending against the tribe. Tyrion sees Catelyn pull out a small dagger, he runs over to her and convinces her to cut him loose.
Tyrion Lannister: Untie me. If I die, what's the point?
Tyrion, now loose, runs over and picks up a shield. He fends off an attack as another of Lady Stark’s men kills him. Another tribesman is nearing Catelyn, Tyrion rushes over with his shield, knocks him to the ground and begins slamming it into his throat, directly in front of, and in defense of Catelyn. The battle comes to an end with many of their men defeated.
Catelyn Stark: Rodrik?
Rodrik Cassel: I'll be fine, my Lady. There's no need to bloody yourself.
Bronn:  Your first? You need a woman. Nothing like a woman after a fight.
Tyrion Lannister: Well, I'm willing if she is.
Back at Winterfell, Maester Luwin and Bran are at a small table, Luwin trying to teach Bran. Bran is fixed on watching Theon as he is practicing his archery.
Maester Luwin: Bran...
Maester Luwin: Lords?
Bran Stark: The Greyjoys.
Theon Greyjoy: Famed for their skills at archery, navigation and lovemaking.
Maester Luwin: And failed rebellions.
Maester Luwin: Good.
Maester Luwin:: Mhmm.
Maester Luwin: Hmm...
Maester Luwin: No. A common saying, but not their official motto.
Maester Luwin: We're still on their words.
Bran Stark: I don't know them.
Maester Luwin: You do know them. Think.
Bran Stark: "Unbowed, unbent, unbroken".
Maester Luwin:That's House Martell.
Bran Stark: "Righteous in wrath".
Maester Luwin: House Hornwood.
Bran Stark: "Family, duty, honor".
Maester Luwin:Those are Tully words... Your mother's. Are we playing a game?
Bran Stark: "Family, duty, honor"... Is that the right order?
Maester Luwin:You know it is.
Bran Stark: Family comes first?
Maester Luwin: Your mother had to leave Winterfell to protect the family.
Bran Stark: How can she protect the family, if she's not with her family?
Maester Luwin: Your mother sat by your bed for three weeks while you slept.
Bran Stark: And then she left!
Maester Luwin: When you were born, I was the one who pulled you from your mother. I placed you in her arms. From that moment until the moment she dies, she will love you. Absolutely. Fiercely.
Bran Stark: Why did she leave?
Maester Luwin: I still can't tell you, but she will be home soon.
Bran Stark: Do you know where she is now? Today?
Maester Luwin:No, I don't.
Bran Stark: Then how can you promise me she'll be home soon?
Maester Luwin: Sometimes I worry you're too smart for your own good.
Bran Stark: I'll never shoot another arrow.
Maester Luwin: And where is that written?
Bran Stark: You need legs to work a bow.
Maester Luwin: Hmm... If the saddle Lord Tyrion designed actually works, you could learn to shoot a bow from horseback.
Bran Stark: Really?
Maester Luwin: Dothraki boys learn when they're four years old. Why shouldn't you?
Now in Theon’s quarters inside Winterfell, he’s making love to Ros.
Theon Greyjoy: Shh... Keep it down. You're not supposed to be inside the castle walls.
They break.
Ros: I thought you were supposed to be an important person around here.
Theon Greyjoy: Important enough for the likes of you.
Ros: You're not the only nobleman in my life, you know.
Theon Greyjoy: Who? the Imp? I'd call him half a nobleman.
Ros: Jealous?
Theon Greyjoy: Why should I be jealous?
Theon Greyjoy: Anyone with a few coppers in his pocket can own you for the night. What's a dwarf like down below? I've always wondered.
Ros: Might surprise you.
Theon Greyjoy: Hmm?
Ros: He's good with his fingers too. And his tongue.
Theon Greyjoy: Generous tipper. I guess gold is cheap for a Lannister.
Ros: You are jealous.
Theon Greyjoy: I'm a Greyjoy. We've been Lords of the Iron Islands for 300 years. There's not a family in Westeros that can look down on us, not even the Lannisters.
Ros: And what about the Starks?
Theon Greyjoy: I’ve been Lord Stark’s ward since I was eight years old.
Ros: A “ward”, that’s a nice word for it. Your father rebelled against King Robert and if he does it again…
Theon grabs Ros’ neck from behind.
Theon Greyjoy: My father fought for the freedom of his people! What did your father do? Fucked a cook and whelped a whore.
Ros: You’re a very serious boy.
Theon Greyjoy: I’m not a boy.
Ros: Oh, yes you are. A serious boy, with a serious cock.
Theon Greyjoy: I don’t want to pay for it.
Ros: Then get yourself a wife.
Arya, at King’s Landing is running through the halls chasing a cat. She’s seen running down a hallway.
Arya Stark: Come on. I'm not gonna hurt you.
Ned is in his chambers at his desk, Varys is speaking to him, walking around securing all of the windows before sitting down to talk more seriously.
Varys: How is your son, my Lord?
Eddard Stark: He'll never walk again.
Varys: But his mind is sound?
Eddard Stark: So they say.
Varys:A blessing then. I suffered an early mutilation myself. Some doors close forever... others open in the most unexpected places. May I?
Varys: If the wrong ears heard what I'm about to tell you, off comes my head. And who would mourn poor Varys then? North or South, they sing no songs for spiders. But there are things you must know. You are the King's Hand and the King is a fool... your friend, I know, but a fool... and doomed unless you save him.
Eddard Stark: I've been in the capital a month. Why have you waited so long to tell me this?
Varys: I didn't trust you.
Eddard Stark: So why do you trust me now?
Varys: The Queen is not the only one who has been watching you closely. There are few men of honor in the capital. You are one of them. I would like to believe I am another, strange as that may seem.
Eddard Stark: What sort of doom does the King face?
Varys: The same sort as Jon Arryn. The tears of Lys, they call it. A rare and costly thing, as clear and tasteless as water. It leaves no trace.
Eddard Stark: Who gave it to him?
Varys: Some dear friend, no doubt. But which one? There were many. Lord Arryn was a kind and trusting man. There was one boy... all he was he owed to Jon Arryn.
Eddard Stark: The squire, Ser Hugh?
Varys: Pity what happened to him, just when his life seemed to be going so nicely.
Eddard Stark: If Ser Hugh poisoned him, who paid Ser Hugh?
Varys: Someone who could afford it.
Varys: He started asking questions.
We shift to a dark dungeon of King’s Landing. Arya is still chasing the cat. She stops to admire a large dragon’s skull. She hears two men talking, and hides from them, just in earshot. The two men are Lord Varys and Magister Illyrio Mopatis.
Varys: He's found one bastard already. He has the book. The rest will come.
Illyrio Mopatis: And when he knows the truth, what will he do?
Varys: The gods alone know. The fools tried to kill his son. What's worse, they botched it. The wolf and the lion will be at each other's throats. We will be at war soon, my friend.
Illyrio Mopatis: What good is war now? We're not ready. If one Hand can die, why not a second?
Varys: This Hand is not the other.
Illyrio Mopatis: We need time. Khal Drogo will not make his move until his son is born. You know how these savages are.
Varys: "Delay," you say. "Move fast, " I reply. This is no longer a game for two players.
Illyrio Mopatis: It never was.
The two men leave, Varys locks a gate behind them. Arya runs to the gate and can’t get out. She takes off in the other direction, deeper into the dungeon, to find an exit.
Varys enters the Throne Room, where Baelish is standing, looking at the throne.
Varys: The first to arrive and the last to leave. I admire your industry.
Petyr Baelish: You do move quietly.
Varys: We all have our qualities.
Petyr Baelish: You look a bit lonely today. You should pay a visit to my brothel this evening. First boy is on the house.
Varys: I think you're mistaking business with pleasure.
Petyr Baelish: Am I? All those birds that whisper in your ear, such pretty little things. Trust me, we accommodate all inclinations.
Varys: Oh, I'm sure. Lord Redwyne likes his boys very young, I hear.
Petyr Baelish: I'm a purveyor of beauty and discretion, both equally important.
Varys: Though I suppose beauty is a subjective quality, no? Is it true that Ser Marlon of Tumblestone prefers amputees?
Petyr Baelish: All desires are valid to a man with a full purse.
Varys: And I heard the most awful rumor about a certain lord with a taste for fresh cadavers. Must be enormously difficult to accommodate that inclination. The logistics alone... to find beautiful corpses before they rot.
Petyr Baelish: Strictly speaking, such a thing would not be in accordance with the King's laws.
Varys: Strictly speaking.
Petyr Baelish: Tell me. Does someone, somewhere, keep your balls in a little box? I've often wondered.
Varys: Do you know, I have no idea where they are? And we had been so close. But enough about me. How have you been since we last saw each other?
Petyr Baelish: Since you last saw me or since I last saw you?
Varys: Now the last time I saw you, you were talking to the Hand of the King.
Petyr Baelish: Saw me with your own eyes?
Varys: Eyes I own.
Petyr Baelish: Council business. We all have so much to discuss with Ned Stark.
Varys: Everyone's well aware of your enduring fondness for Lord Stark's wife. If the Lannisters were behind the attempt on the Stark boy's life and it was discovered that you helped the Starks come to that conclusion... To think... A simple word to the Queen...
Petyr Baelish: One shudders at the thought.
Varys: Oh.
Petyr Baelish: But you know something? I do believe that I have seen you even more recently than you have seen me.
Varys: Have you?
Petyr Baelish: Yes. Earlier today, I distinctly recall seeing you talking to Lord Stark in his chambers.
Varys: Was that you under the bed?
Petyr Baelish: And not long after that when I saw you escorting a certain foreign dignitary... Council business? Of course you would have friends from across The Narrow Sea. You're from there yourself, after all. We're friends, aren't we, Lord Varys? I'd like to think we are. So you can imagine my burden, wondering if the King might question my friend's sympathies… To stand at a crossroads where turning left means loyalty to a friend, turning right, loyalty to the realm.
Varys: Oh, please.
Petyr Baelish: To find myself in a position where a simple word to the King --
Renly enters from a different doorway and cuts both men off.
Renly Baratheon: What are you two conspiring about? Well, whatever it is, you'd best hurry up. My brother is coming.
Petyr Baelish: To a small council meeting?
Varys: Disturbing news from far away. Haven't you heard?
Arya exits a tunnel outside of King’s Landing, at the beach of Blackwater Bay. She heads to the city’s gate but is stopped by two guards.
Guard 1: Off with you. No begging.
Arya Stark: I'm not a beggar. I live here.
Guard 1: D'you want a smack on your ear to help you with your hearing?
Arya Stark: I want to see my father.
Guard 2: I want to fuck the Queen, for all the good it does me.
Guard 1: You want your father, boy? He's lying on the floor of some tavern, getting pissed on by his friends.
Arya Stark: My father is Hand of the King! I'm not a boy. I'm Arya Stark of Winterfell and if you lay a hand on me, my father will have both your heads on spikes! Now are you going to let me by or do I need to smack you on the ear to help with your hearing?
Quick cut to Arya standing in front of Ned at his desk.
Eddard Stark: You know I had half my guard out searching for you? You promised me this would stop.
Arya Stark: They said they were going to kill you.
Eddard Stark: Who did?
Arya Stark: I didn't see them, but I think one was fat.
Eddard Stark: Oh, Arya.
Arya Stark: I'm not lying! They said you found the bastard and the wolves are fighting the lions and the savage... something about the savage.
Eddard Stark: Where did you hear this?
Arya Stark: In the dungeons, near the dragon skulls.
Eddard Stark: What were you doing in the dungeons?
Arya Stark: Chasing a cat.
A knock at the door, Jory pokes his head in.
Jory Cassel: Pardon, my Lord. There's a Night's Watchman here begging a word. He says it's urgent.
Eddard Stark: Your name, friend?
Yoren: Yoren, if it please. This must be your son. He has the look.
Arya Stark: I'm a girl!
Eddard Stark: Did Benjen send you?
Yoren: No one sent me, my Lord. I'm here to find men for The Wall, see if there's any scum in the dungeons that might be fit for service.
Eddard Stark: Ah, we'll find recruits for you.
Yoren: Thank you, my Lord. But that's not why I disturb you now. Your brother, Benjen... his blood runs black, makes him as much my brother as yours. It's for his sake I rode here so hard I damn near killed my horse! There are others riding too. The whole city will know by tomorrow.
Eddard Stark: Know what?
Yoren: Best said in private, my Lord.
Eddard Stark: Go on. We'll talk more later.
Eddard Stark: Jory, take her safely to her room.
Jory Cassel: Come along, my Lady. You heard your father.
Jory escorts Arya to her room.
Arya Stark: How many guards does my father have?
Jory Cassel: Here in King's Landing? Fifty.
Arya Stark: You wouldn't let anyone kill him, would you?
Jory Cassel: No fear on that count, little Lady.
Ned and Yoren are now alone in Ned’s chambers.
Eddard Stark: Well?
Yoren: It's about your wife, my Lord. She's taken the Imp.
As Catelyn, Tyrion and her men are arriving to the Vale, they’re met by a group of guards.
Vardis Egen: You're far from home, Lady Stark.
Catelyn Stark: To whom do I speak?
Vardis Egen: Ser Vardis Egen, Knight of The Vale. Is Lady Arryn expecting your visit?
Catelyn Stark: There was no time to send word.
Vardis Egen: May I ask, my Lady, why he is with you?
Catelyn Stark: That's why there was no time. He is my prisoner.
Vardis Egen: He doesn't look like a prisoner.
Catelyn Stark: My sister will decide what he looks like.
Vardis Egen: Yes, my Lady. She will at that.
The guards all turn their horses and escort Catelyn and her men towards the Eyrie.
Tyrion Lannister: The Eyrie. They say it's impregnable.
Bronn: Give me 10 good men and some climbing spikes... I'll impregnate the bitch.
Tyrion Lannister: I like you.
Ned is walking through a courtyard at King’s Landing, heading for the King Robert’s chambers. He is stopped by a royal steward.
Steward: Lord Stark, your presence has been requested in the small council chamber. A meeting has been called.
Steward: The King is at the small council meeting, my Lord. He has summoned you.
Eddard Stark: Is it about my wife?
Steward: No, my Lord. I believe it concerns Daenerys Targaryen.
Now at the small council meeting with everyone on the council, as well as King Robert.
Robert Baratheon: The whore is pregnant.
Eddard Stark: You're speaking of murdering a child.
Robert Baratheon: I warned you this would happen. Back in the North, I warned you, but you didn't care to hear. Well, hear it now. I want 'em dead, mother and child both. And that fool, Viserys as well. Is that plain enough for you? I want them both dead.
Eddard Stark: You will dishonor yourself forever if you do this.
Robert Baratheon: Honor?! I've got Seven Kingdoms to rule! One King, Seven Kingdoms. Do you think honor keeps them in line? Do you think it's honor that's keeping the peace? It's fear! Fear and blood!
Eddard Stark: Then we're no better than the Mad King.
Robert Baratheon: Careful, Ned. Careful now.
Eddard Stark: You want to assassinate a girl... Because the Spider heard a rumor?
Varys: No rumor, my Lord. The princess is with child.
Eddard Stark: Based on whose information?
Varys: Ser Jorah Mormont. He is serving as adviser to the Targaryens.
Eddard Stark: Mormont? You bring us the whispers of a traitor half a world away and call it fact?
Petyr Baelish: Jorah Mormont's a slaver, not a traitor. Small difference, I know, to an honorable man.
Eddard Stark: He broke the law, betrayed his family, fled our land. We commit murder on the word of this man?
Robert Baratheon: And if he's right? If she has a son? A Targaryen at the head of a Dothraki army… What then?
Eddard Stark: The Narrow Sea still lies between us. I'll fear the Dothraki the day they teach their horses to run on water.
Robert Baratheon: Do nothing? That's your wise advice? Do nothing til our enemies are on our shores? You're my council? Counsel! Speak sense to this honorable fool.
Varys: I understand your misgivings, my Lord. Truly, I do. It is a terrible thing we must consider, a vile thing. Yet, we who presume to rule must sometimes do vile things for the good of the realm. Should the gods grant Daenerys a son, the realm will bleed.
Grand Maester Pycelle: I bear this girl no ill will, but should the Dothraki invade, how many innocents will die? How many towns will burn? Is it not wiser, kinder even, that she should die now so that tens of thousands might live?
Renly Baratheon: We should have had them both killed years ago.
Petyr Baelish: When you find yourself in bed with an ugly woman, best close your eyes, get it over with. Cut her throat. Be done with it.
Robert Baratheon: She dies.
Eddard Stark: I will have no part in it.
Robert Baratheon: You're the King's Hand, Lord Stark. You'll do as I command or I'll find me a Hand who will.
Ned removes his badge and places it on the table in front of Robert.
Eddard Stark: And good luck to him. I thought you were a better man.
Robert Baratheon: Out! Out, damn you! I'm done with you. Go! Run back to Winterfell! I'll have your head on a spike! I'll put it there myself, you fool! You think you're too good for this? Too proud and honorable? This is a war!
Ned is in his chambers quickly packing his things.
Eddard Stark: I'll go ahead with my daughters. Get them ready. Do it yourself. Don't ask anyone for help.
Jory Cassel: Right away, my Lord. Lord Baelish is here for you.
Petyr Baelish: His Grace went on about you at some length after you took your leave. The word "treason" was mentioned.
Eddard Stark: What can I do for you?
Petyr Baelish: When do you return to Winterfell?
Eddard Stark: Why? What do you care?
Petyr Baelish: If you're still here come nightfall, I'll take you to see the last person Jon Arryn spoke with before falling ill. If that sort of thing still interests you.
Eddard Stark: I don't have the time.
Petyr Baelish: It won't take more than an hour. But as you please.
Baelish exits Ned’s chambers, Ned speaks to Jory briefly and then takes off for Baelish.
Eddard Stark: Round up all the men we have and station them outside the girls' chambers. Who are your best two swords?
Jory Cassel: Heward and Wyl.
Eddard Stark: Find them and meet me at the stables.
At the Eyrie, Catelyn, her men, and Tyrion are all standing in front of Lady Arryn. Her son is sitting on her lap, breastfeeding. He is clearly too old to be doing so.
Lysa Arryn: You bring him here without permission? You pollute my home with his presence? Your aunt has done a bad thing, Robin, a very bad thing. You remember her, don't you? Isn't he beautiful? And strong too. Jon knew it. His last words were, "the seed is strong." He wanted everyone to know what a good, strong boy his son would grow up to be. Look at him, the Lord of all the Vale.
Catelyn Stark: Lysa, you wrote me about the Lannisters, warning me t-
Lysa Arryn: To stay away from them! Not to bring one here!
Robin Arryn: Mommy? Is that the bad man?
Lysa Arryn: It is.
Robin Arryn: He's little.
Lysa Arryn: He's Tyrion the Imp of House Lannister. He killed your father. He murdered the Hand of the King!
Tyrion Lannister: Oh? Did I kill him too? I've been a very busy man.
Lysa Arryn: You will watch your tongue! These men are Knights of the Vale. Every one of the loved Jon Arryn. Every one of them would die for me.
Tyrion Lannister: If any harm comes to me, my brother, Jaime, will see that they do.
Robin Arryn: You can't hurt us! No one can hurt us here! Tell him, mommy! Tell him!
Lysa Arryn: Shh... Shh... Shh, my sweet boy. He's just trying to frighten us. Lannisters are all liars. No one will hurt my baby.
Robin Arryn: Mommy... I want to see the bad man fly.
Lysa Arryn: Perhaps you will, my little love.
Catelyn Stark: This man is my prisoner. I will not have him harmed.
Lysa Arryn: Ser Vardis, my sister's guest is weary. Take him down below so he can rest. Introduce him to Mord.
Mord throws Tyrion into a “skycell.”
Mord: You go sleep, dwarf man. Sleep good, little dwarf. man!
Back at King’s Landing, inside Renly Baratheon’s chambers. He is sitting, shirtless, with Loras Tyrell kneeling beside him shaving his chest. Loras is also shirtless.
Loras Tyrell: Lord Stark's lucky he still has a head.
Renly Baratheon: Robert will rant for a few days, but he won't do anything. He adores the man.
Loras Tyrell: You're jealous.
Renly Baratheon: Are you sure this won't hurt?
Loras Tyrell: Only if I slip.
Renly Baratheon: And you prefer me like this?
Loras Tyrell: Mhmm.
Renly Baratheon: If you want hairless, maybe you should find a little boy.
Loras Tyrell: I want you.
Renly Baratheon: My brother thinks that anyone who hasn't been to war isn't a man. He treats me as if I'm a spoiled child. Oh, and you're not? Loras Tyrell, the Knight of the Flowers? How many wars have you fought in? Oh, and how much did your father spend on that armor of yours?
Loras Tyrell: Hold still.
Renly Baratheon: All I ever hear from Robert and Stannis is how I'm not tough enough, how I squirm at the sight of blood.
Loras Tyrell: You did vomit when that boy's eye was knocked out in the mêlée.
Renly Baratheon:His eye was dangling out of the damn socket!
Loras Tyrell: He shouldn't have entered the mêlée if he didn't know how to fight.
Renly Baratheon: Easy for you to say. Not everyone is such a gifted swordsman.
Renly Baratheon: I could work at fighting all day, every day, and still never be as good as you.
Loras Tyrell: Yes well, I guess we'll never know.
Finished with Renly’s chest, Loras raises his arm so he can shave his armpit.
Renly Baratheon: Everywhere?
Loras Tyrell: Everywhere. So how did it end up? The Targaryen girl will die?
Renly Baratheon: It needs to be done, unpleasant as it is. Robert's rather tasteless about it. Every time he talks about killing her, I swear the table rises six inches.
Loras Tyrell: It's a shame he can't muster the same enthusiasm for his wife.
Renly Baratheon: He does have a deep, abiding lust for her money. You have to give it to the Lannisters, they may be the most pompous, ponderous cunts the gods ever suffered to walk the world, but they do have outrageous amounts of money.
Loras Tyrell: I have an outrageous amount of money.
Renly Baratheon: Not as much as the Lannisters.
Loras Tyrell: But a lot more than you.
Renly Baratheon: Robert's threatening to take me hunting with him. Last time we were out there for two weeks, tramping through the trees in the rain, day after day. All so he can stick his spear into something's flesh! Oh. but Robert loves his killing. And he's the King.
Loras Tyrell: Hmm... How did that ever happen?
Renly Baratheon: Because he loves his killing and he used to be good at it.
Loras Tyrell: Do you know who should be King?
Renly Baratheon: Be serious.
Loras Tyrell: I am. My father could be your bank. I've never fought in a war before, but I'd fight for you.
Renly Baratheon: I'm fourth in line.
Loras Tyrell: And where was Robert in the line of royal succession? Joffrey is a monster. Tommen is eight.
Renly Baratheon: Stannis?
Loras Tyrell: Stannis has the personality of a lobster.
Renly Baratheon: He's still my older brother.
Loras cuts Renly under his arm.
Renly Baratheon: What are you doing?!
Loras Tyrell: Look at it.
Renly Baratheon: You cut me!
Loras Tyrell: It's just blood. We've all got it in us. Sometimes a little spills. If you become King, you're going to see a lot of this. You need to get used to it. Go on. Look. People love you. They love to serve you because you're kind to them. They want to be near you.
Loras Tyrell: You're willing to do what needs to be done, but you don't gloat over it. You don't love killing. Where is it written that power is the sole province of the worst? That thrones are only made for the hated and the feared. You would be a wonderful King.
Cersei enters King Robert’s chambers.
Cersei Baratheon: I'm sorry your marriage to Ned Stark didn't work out. You seemed so good together.
Robert Baratheon: I'm glad I could do something to make you happy.
Cersei Baratheon: Without a Hand, everything will fall to pieces.
Robert Baratheon: I suppose this is where you tell me to give the job to your brother Jaime.
Robert Baratheon: I don't know. But I do know this, if the Targaryen girl convinces her horse-lord husband to invade and the Dothraki horde crosses The Narrow Sea... We won't be able to stop them.
Cersei Baratheon: The Dothraki don't sail. Every child knows that. They don't have discipline. They don't have armor. They don't have siege weapons.
Robert Baratheon: It's a neat little trick you do, you move your lips and your father's voice comes out.
Cersei Baratheon: Is my father wrong?
Robert Baratheon: Let's say Viserys Targaryen lands with forty thousand Dothraki screamers at his back. We hole up in our castles, a wise move. Only a fool would meet the Dothraki in an open field. They leave us in our castles. They go from town to town, looting and burning, killing every man who can't hide behind a stone wall, stealing all our crops and livestock, enslaving all our women and children. How long do the people of the Seven Kingdoms stand behind their absentee King, their cowardly King hiding behind high walls? When do the people decide that Viserys Targaryen is the rightful monarch after all.
Cersei Baratheon: We still outnumber them.
Cersei Baratheon: Five.
Robert Baratheon: Five... one. One army, a real army, united behind one leader with one purpose. Our purpose died with the Mad King. Now we've got as many armies as there are men with gold in their purse. And everybody wants something different. Your father wants to own the world. Ned Stark wants to run away and bury his head in the snow.
Cersei Baratheon: What do you want?
Robert Baratheon: We haven't had a real fight in nine years. Back-stabbing doesn't prepare you for a fight. And that's all the realm is now, back-stabbing and scheming and arse-licking and money-grubbing. Sometimes I don't know what holds it together.
Cersei Baratheon: Our marriage.
The two begin laughing.
Robert Baratheon: Ah, so here we sit, seventeen years later, holding it all together. Don't you get tired?
Cersei Baratheon: Every day.
Robert Baratheon: How long can hate hold a thing together?
Cersei Baratheon: Well, seventeen years is quite a long time.
Robert Baratheon: Yes, it is.
Cersei Baratheon: Yes, it tis. What was she like?
Robert Baratheon: You've never asked about her, not once. Why not?
Cersei Baratheon: At first, just saying her name, even in private felt like I was breathing life back into her. I thought if I didn't talk about her, she'd just fade away for you. When I realized that wasn't going to happen, I refused to ask out of spite. I didn't want to give you the satisfaction of thinking I cared enough to ask. And eventually it became clear that my spite didn't mean anything to you, as far as I could tell, you actually enjoyed it.
Robert Baratheon: So why now?
Cersei Baratheon: What harm could Lyanna Stark's ghost do to either of us that we haven't done to each other a hundred times over?
Robert Baratheon: You want to know the horrible truth? I can't even remember what she looked like. I only know she was the one thing I ever wanted... Someone took her away from me, and Seven Kingdoms couldn't fill the hole she left behind.
Cersei Baratheon: I felt something for you once, you know?
Robert Baratheon: I know.
Robert Baratheon: No. Does that make you feel better or worse?
Cersei Baratheon: It doesn't make me feel anything.
Inside one of Baelish’s brothels, Ned is speaking to one of the prostitutes. Jory and Baelish are in the next room.
Mhaegen: She looks like him, don't she, my Lord? She has his nose, his black hair.
Eddard Stark: Aye.
Mhaegen: Tell him when you see him, my Lord. If it please you... Tell him how beautiful she is.
Eddard Stark: I will.
Mhaegen: And tell him I've been with no one else. I swear it, my Lord, by the old gods and new. I don't want no jewels or nothing, just him. The King was always good to me.
Eddard Stark: When Jon Arryn came to visit you, what did he want?
Mhaegen: He wasn't that sort of man, my Lord. He just wanted to know if the child was happy, healthy.
Eddard Stark: She looks healthy enough to me. The girl shall want for nothing.
Ned breaks off from Mhaegen and enters the same room as Baelish and Jory.
Petyr Baelish: Brothels make a much better investment than ship, I've found. Whores rarely sink.
Eddard Stark: What do you know of King Robert's bastards?
Petyr Baelish: Well, he has more than you, for a start.
Eddard Stark: How many?
Petyr Baelish: Does it matter? If you fuck enough women, some of them will give you presents.
Eddard Stark: And Jon Arryn tracked them all down. Why?
Petyr Baelish: He was the King's Hand. Perhaps Robert wanted them looked after. He was overcome with fatherly love.
Eddard Stark: Come.
Jory is staring at one of the whores, who flashes him her breast.
Eddard Stark: Jory!
Jory Cassel: My Lord.
Ned and Jory leave the brothel with a few of Ned’s men. They are suddenly surround by Jaime Lannister and his men.
Jaime Lannister: Such a small pack of wolves.
Jory Cassel: Stay back, Ser! This is the Hand of the King!
Jaime Lannister: Was!... the Hand of the King. Now I'm not sure what he is... Lord of somewhere very far away.
Petyr Baelish: What's the meaning of this, Lannister?
Jaime Lannister: Get back inside where it's safe. I'm looking for my brother. You remember my brother, don't you, Lord Stark? Blond hair, sharp tongue, short man.
Eddard Stark: I remember him well.
Jaime Lannister: It seems he had some trouble on the road. You wouldn't know what happened to him, would you?
Eddard Stark:He was taken at my command to answer for his crimes.
Jaime draws his sword, causing all of them men on both sides to draw their swords, except for Eddard.
Petyr Baelish: My Lords! I'll bring the City Watch!
Jaime Lannister: Come, Stark. I'd rather you die sword in hand.
Jory Cassel: If you threaten my Lord again...
Jaime Lannister: Threaten? As in, "I'm going to open your Lord from balls to brains and see what Starks are made of”?
Eddard Stark: You kill me, your brother's a dead man.
Jaime Lannister: You're right. Take him alive! Kill his men!
A fight erupts, first Jaime’s men throw spears straight into the chests of two of Ned’s men. Ned draws his sword and moves towards Jaime, fending off several guards in the process. Jory gets to Jaime first. Jaime stabs Jory with a dagger straight through his eye. The fighting ceases and Ned moves forward to Jaime, Jaime’s men all stop to watch the fight. The two fend each other off, as they break, one of Jaime’s guards stabs Ned in the back of the leg with a spear, causing him to fall to the ground. Jaime is openly frustrated and knocks the guard out. He mounts his horse.
Jaime Lannister: My brother, Lord Stark... We want him back.
Jaime rides off on horseback and his guards follow suit.
Opens at King’s Landing, assumed to be Ned’s quarters. He opens his eyes to find Cersei and King Robert at his bedside.
Eddard Stark: Your pardon, your Grace.
Cersei Baratheon: Do you know what your wife has done?
Eddard Stark:  She did nothing I did not command.
Robert Baratheon: Who’d have thought she had it in her?
Cersei Baratheon: By what right dare you lay hands on my blood?
Eddard Stark:  I am the King’s Hand -
Cersei Baratheon: You were the King’s Hand!
Cersei Baratheon: You shall now be held accountable.
Robert Baratheon: Oh, will both of you shut your mouths? Catelyn will release Tyrion and you’ll make your peace with Jaime.
Eddard Stark: He butchered my men.
Cersei Baratheon: Lord Stark was returning drunk from a brothel when his men attacked Jaime.
Robert Baratheon: Quiet, woman.
Eddard Stark:  Jaime has fled the city. Give me leave to bring him back to justice.
Cersei Baratheon: I took you for a king.
Robert Baratheon: Hold your tongue.
Cersei Baratheon: He’s attacked my brother and abducted the other. I should wear the armor and you the gown.
Robert smacks Cersei.
Cersei Baratheon: I shall wear this like a badge of honor.
Robert Baratheon: Wear it in silence or I’ll honor you again.
Cersei exits the room, slamming the door shut behind her.
Robert Baratheon: See what she does to me? My loving wife. I should not have hit her. That was not… That was not kingly.
Eddard Stark:  If we don’t act… there will be a war.
Robert Baratheon: So tell your wife to return that little shit of an Imp to King’s Landing. She’s had her fun, now put an end to it. You hear me? Send a raven and put an end to it.
Eddard Stark:  And what about Jaime Lannister? What about Jaime?
Eddard Stark:  As you command your Grace. With your leave, I will return to Winterfell and set matters straight.
Robert Baratheon: Piss on that! Send a raven. I want you to stay. I’m the king, I get what I want… I never loved my brothers. A sad thing for a man to admit, but it’s true. You were the brother I chose. We’ll talk when I return from the hunt.
Robert throws the Hand of the King’s badge onto the bed where Ned is laying.
Eddard Stark: The hunt?
Robert Baratheon: Killing things clears my head. You’ll have to sit on the throne while I’m away. You’ll hate it more than I do.
Eddard Stark: The Targaryen girl -
Robert Baratheon: Seven hells! Don’t start with her again! The girl will die and I’ll hear no more of it. Put on the badge. And if you ever take it off again, I swear to the Mother I’ll pin the damn thing on Jaime Lannister.
Robert exits the room, slamming the door shut behind him. Ned picks up the badge and looks at it.
Back at Vaes Dothrak across the sea, Daenerys is holding one of her prized dragon eggs. She looks up at a pot of coals inside of her tent. She walks over and places the egg into the coals. Irri walks into the tent.
Irri: Khaleesi?
Daenerys picks up the egg from the coals.
Irri: Oh, Khaleesi!
Irri takes the egg from her hands, dropping it instantly because of the heat. She looks at Daenerys’ hands and there are no burn marks. The two compare hands, Irri’s have burn marks.
Daenerys Targaryen: You’re hurt.
A raven caws. Bran is shooting his bow in the courtyard. The raven flies to the crypts of Winterfell, Bran follows. As he enters, again making eye contact with the bird. The raven flies deeper into the crypts. We then see Bran sleeping in his bed, showing that this was another vision, we hear footsteps running towards his door. His door swings opens and Bran sits up in bed breathing heavily. Hodor is carrying the contraption that Tyrion brought the blueprints for. Bran smiles. We then cut to the woods of Winterfell where Bran is shouting as he’s riding on the back of a horse.
Robb Stark: Not too fast.
Bran Stark: Come on, Dancer. (to his horse)
Theon Greyjoy: When are you gonna tell him?
Robb Stark: Not now.
Theon Greyjoy: Blood for blood. You need to make the Lannisters to pay for Jory and the others.
Robb Stark: You’re talking about war.
Theon Greyjoy: I’m talking about justice.
Robb Stark: Only the Lord of Winterfell can call in the bannermen and raise an army.
Theon Greyjoy: A Lannister put his spear through your father’s leg. The Kingslayer rides to Casterly Rock where no one can touch -
Robb Stark:You want me to march on Casterly Rock?!
Theon Greyjoy: You’re not a boy anymore. They attacked your father. They’ve already started the war. It’s your duty to represent your House when your father can’t.
Robb Stark: And it’s not your duty, because it’s not your House.
It goes silent, Bran can no longer be heard jeering at his horse. Robb looks at Theon and stands up looking through the woods.
Robb Stark: Where’s Bran?
Theon Greyjoy: I don’t know. It’s not my House.
Theon stands up and walks away from Robb, who begins to look around. We cut to Bran riding slowly through the woods. We see someone creeping up behind him as his horse is nickering. As Bran enters a clearing, several Wildlings surround him.
Bran Stark: Robb?
Osha: All alone in the deep dark woods.
Bran Stark: I’m not alone, my brother is with me.
Wildling: I don’t see him. Got him hidden under your cloak?
Osha: Oh, that’s a pretty pin. Silver.
Wildling: We’ll take the pin. And the horse. Get down… Be quick about it.
Bran Stark: I can’t. The saddle, the straps.
Wildling: What’s wrong with you? You some kind of cripple?
Bran Stark: I’m Brandon Stark of Winterfell and if you don’t let me be, I’ll have you all killed!
Wildling 2: Cut his little cock off and stuff it in his mouth.
Osha: the boy’s worth nothing dead. Benjen Stark’s own blood. Think what Mance would give us.
A Wildling is cutting Bran’s straps to his saddle, accidentally slicing into Bran’s leg but he feels no pain.
Wildling: Piss on Mance rayder and piss on the North. We’re going as far south as south goes. There ain’t no white walkers down in Dorne.
Robb comes into view, behind the four Wildlings.
Robb Stark: Drop the knife. Let him go and I’ll let you live.
One of the Wildlings storms at Robb who evades an axe attack. Robb counters, slicing the Wildling’s throat. Osha charges Robb who tosses her spins her around by her hair. He fights off and kills the other Wildling. The Wilding in charge has Bran off of his horse with a knife at his throat, meanwhile Robb has Osha (female Wildling) and a knife to her throat.
Bran Stark: Robb!
Wildling: Shut up! Drop the blade!
Bran Stark: No, don’t.
Wildling: Do it.
Robb looks at Bran and then back up at the Wildling. He then slowly sets his sword on the ground, still gripping Osha by her hair. He looks back up at the Wildling who suddenly gets an arrow through his chest from his back. As he drops to the ground bleeding, we see Theona few yards behind him with a bow. The Wildling falls dead, Theon approaches. Robb releases Osha from his grasp as Theon walks over drawing his bow on her. Robb moves over to Bran.
Robb Stark: Are you all right?
Bran Stark: Yes, it doesn’t hurt.
Theon Greyjoy: Tough little lad. In the Iron Islands, you’re not a man until you’ve killed your first enemy. Well done.
Robb Stark: Have you lost your mind? What if you’d missed?
Theon Greyjoy: He would have killed you and cut Bran’s throat.
Robb Stark: You don’t have the right -
Theon Greyjoy: To what, to save your brother’s life? It was the only thing to do, so I did it.
Robb Stark: What about her?
Osha: Give me my life, my lord, and I’m yours.
Robb Stark: We’ll keep her alive.
Osha gives a sigh of release, Theon releases his bow and Robb, holding Bran, assures that he’s okay.
Now at the Eyrie, Tyrion is sleeping and rolls to his side at the very edge of his skycell. He awakes, quickly moving back to the wall. He steps over to the door to his cell and begins pounding on it.
Tyrion Lannister: Mord! Turnkey! Mord! Mord!
The door swings open and Mord rushes in, batting Tyrion to the opposite side of the cell.
Mord: Dwarf man making noise!
Tyrion Lannister: How would you like to be rich?
Mord: Dwarf man still making noise.
Tyrion Lannister: My family is rich. We have gold, lots of gold. I’m prepared to give you lots of gold.
Mord quickly searches Tyrion’s pockets for gold.
Mord: No gold!
Tyrion Lannister: Well, I don’t have it here.
Mord: No gold! Fuck off.
Mord hits Tyrion once more with his club then storms out of the cell, shutting the door behind him.
Now in a hall at King’s Landing. We see Syrio shutting a door and holding two wooden swords. He slowly steps down towards Arya and tosses her one of the swords, she seamlessly catches it as he takes his fighting stance.
Arya Stark:  I don’t want to practice today.
Syrio Forel: No?
Arya Stark: They killed Jory. My father is hurt. I don’t care about stupid wooden swords.
Syrio Forel: You are troubled.
Arya Stark:  Yes -
Syrio Forel: Good! Trouble is the perfect time for training. When you are dancing in the meadow with your dolls and kittens, this is not when fighting happens.
Arya Stark: I don’t like dolls and k -
Syrio Forel: You’re not here. You’re with your trouble. If you’re with your trouble when fighting happens…
Arya makes a move for Syrio, who quickly counters and puts her on her back.
Syrio Forel: … More trouble for you. Just so… How can you be quick as a snake, or as quiet as a shadow, when you are somewhere else? You are fearing for your father, hmm? That is right. Do you pray to the gods?
Syrio Forel: The old and the new.
Syrio steps back and tosses Arya her sword back, she catches it and assumes the counter position.
Back across the sea in Vaes Dothrak, we’re inside a large communal tent. Daenerys is centered around everyone and eating the heart of a horse a the Dothraki and a priest chant around her. Her husband Khal Drogo looks on in anticipation as she continues eating.
Viserys Targaryen: She has to eat a whole heart? I hope that wasn’t my horse.
Jorah Mormont: She’s doing well.
Viserys Targaryen: She’ll never keep it down.
She keeps eating the heart, nearing the end. The Dothraki onlookers all chant in unison, getting louder and louder. The priestess is also chanting, louder and louder. Khal Drogo stares more intently at his wife, she stares back. The chanting grows louder, as does the priestess.
Viserys Targaryen: Tell me what she is saying.
Jorah Mormont: “The prince is riding. I have heard the thunder of the hooves. Swift as the wind he rides. His enemies will cower before him… and their wives will weep tears of blood.”
The eating and chantines intensifies as Viserys looks on in shock.
Jorah Mormont: She’s going to have a boy.
Viserys Targaryen: He won’t be a real Targaryen. He won’t be a true dragon.
As the chanting is at it’s loudest, Daenerys has finished with the heart. Everyone looks on in anticipations, she wretches forward, on the verge of puking. The chanting suddenly halts. Khal Drogo leans in and looks intensly. Daenerys holds everything in and sobs. Her hands bloody, she slowly sits up, keeping everything in as she gulps the final bite. The priestess begins to speak, Jorah translates directly for Viserys.
Jora: “The stallion who mounts the world.” The stallion, is the khal of khals. He shall unite the people into a single khalasar. All the people of the world will be his herd.
Daenerys rises to her feet, speaking in Dothraki to the room.
Daenerys Targaryen: A prince rides inside me! And he shall be called Rhaego!
The room begins chanting, “Rhaego! Rhaego!” As the chanting grows louder and louder, Drogo stands up and walks up to Daenerys.
Viserys Targaryen: They love her.
The room’s chanting gets even louder. Drogo hugs his wife at her thighs and hoists her up, carrying her around the room.
Jorah Mormont: She truly is a queen today.
Jorah looks to his right towards Viserys, who has now slipped out. We cut to Daenerys’ tent. Inside, Viserys opens the container that holds her dragon eggs. He sighs and then puts them into a sack. Jorah walks into the tent behind him, blocking the door.
Jorah Mormont: Don’t let them see you carrying a sword in Vaes Dothrak. You know the law.
Viserys Targaryen: It’s not my law.
Jorah Mormont: They don’t belong to you.
Viserys Targaryen: Whatever is hers is also mine.
Jorah Mormont: Once, perhaps.
Jorah Mormont: And you have all three.
Viserys Targaryen: I need a large army… I’m the last hope of a dynasty, Mormont. The greatest dynasty this world has ever seen, on my shoulders since I was five years old and no one has ever given me what they gave to her in that tent. Never. Not a piece of it… How can I carry what I need to carry without it? Hmm? Who can rule without wealth, or fear, or love? Oh, you stand there, all nobility and honor. You don’t think I see you looking at my little sister, hmm? Don’t think I know what you want? I don’t care. You can have her. She can be queen of the savages and dine on the finest bloody horseparts, and you can dine on whichever parts of her you like. But let me go.
Jorah Mormont: You can go, but you can’t have the eggs.
Viserys Targaryen: You swore an oath to me. Does loyalty mean nothing to you?
Jorah Mormont: It means everything to me.
Viserys Targaryen: And yet here you stand?
Jorah Mormont: And here I stand.
Viserys and Jorah stare at each other for a moment, before Viserys drops the sack containing the dragon eggs to the floor. Jorah steps aside, unblocking the exit. Viserys leaves.
Back at the skycell below the Eyrie. Tyrion is again shouting for Mord.
Tyrion Lannister: Mord! Mord! Mord! Mord! Mord!
Mord: Noise again!
Tyrion Lannister: About the gold -
Mord: No gold!
Tyrion Lannister: Listen to me! Listen to me! Sometimes possession… is an abstract concept. When they captured me they took my purse, but the gold is still mine.
Mord: Where?
Tyrion Lannister: Where? I don’t know where, but when they free me -
Mord: You want free? Go be free. (points out of the skycell)
Tyrion Lannister: Have you ever heard the phrase “Rich as a Lannister”? Of course you have. You’re a smart man. You know who the Lannisters are. I am a Lannister. Tyrion, son of Tywin! And of course, you have also heard the phrase, “a Lannister always pays his debts.” If you deliver a message from me to Lady Arryn, I will be in your debt. I will owe you gold. If you deliver the message and I live, which I very much intend to do.
Mord: What message?
Tyrion Lannister: Tell her I wish to confess my crimes.
We cut to the throne room, where Lady Arryn and her son Robin are sitting on the throne, at the helm of the room. Catelyn is standing next to them, as Robin is tapping a knife against the throne itself very annoyingly.
Lysa Arryn: You wish to confess your crimes?
Tyrion Lannister: Yes, my lady. I do, my lady.
Lysa Arryn: Skycells always break them. Speak, Imp. Meet your gods as an honest man.
Tyrion Lannister: Where do I begin, my lords and ladies? I’m a vile man, I confess it. My crimes and sins are beyond counting. I have lied and cheated, gambled and whored. I’m not particularly good at violence, but I’m good at convincing others to do violence for me. You want specifics, I suppose. When I was seven, I saw a servant girl bathing in the river. I stole her robe. She was forced to return to the castle, naked and in tears. I close my eyes, I can still see her tits bouncing. When I was ten, I stuffed my uncle’s boots with goatshit. When confronted with my crime, I blamed a squire. Poor boy was flogged and… I escaped justice. When I was twelve, I milked my eel into a pot of turtle stew. I flogged the one-eyed snake. I skinned my sausage. I made the bald man cry into the turtle stew, which I do believe my sister ate. At least I hope she did. I once brought a jackass and a honeycomb into a brothel -
Lysa Arryn: Silence!
Robin Arryn:What happened next?!
Lysa Arryn: What do you think you’re doing?
Tyrion Lannister: Confessing my crimes.
Catelyn Stark: Lord Tyrion, you are accused of hiring a man to slay my son Bran in his bed, and of conspiring to murder my sister’s husband; Lord Jon Arryn, the Hand of the King.
Tyrion Lannister: Oh, I’m very sorry. I don’t know anything about all that.
Lysa Arryn: You’ve had your little joke. I trust you enjoyed it. Mord, take him back to the dungeon. But this time find a smaller cell, with a steeper floor.
Tyrion Lannister: Is this how justice is done in the Vale? you accuse me of crimes, I deny them, so you throw me in a cell to freeze and starve? Where is the King’s Justice? I’m accused and demand a trial.
Lysa Arryn: If you’re tried and found guilty, then by the king’s own laws you will pay with your life.
Tyrion Lannister: I understand the law.
Lysa Arryn: We have no executioner in the Eyrie. Life is more elegant here. Open the Moon Door.
Several men begin unwinding a giant crank on one side of the room. In between Tyrion and the raised throne is what looks like a well. The well’s floor begins to open and wind comes howling through. Robin begins giggling and rapidly clapping his hands. Tyrion looks down and sees that it’s a great distance through this Moon Door to the ground, he would inevitably die if he had to go out this “door”.
Lysa Arryn: You want a trial, my Lord Lannister. Very well. My son will listen to whatever you have to say, and you will hear his judgement. Then you will leave, by one door or the other.
Tyrion Lannister: No need to bother Lord Robin. I demand a trial by combat.
Subdued laughter fills the room, Catelyn and Lysa exchange looks.
Lysa Arryn: You have that right.
Knight 1: My lady, I beg the honor. Let me be your champion.
Knight 2: The honor should be mine. For the love I bore your lord husband let me avenge his death.
Knight 3: I’ll fight for you, my Lady.
Knight 4: It’ll be my honor.
Knight 5: The honor should be mine.
Robin Arryn: Make the bad man fly!
Lysa Arryn: Ser Vardis… You’re quiet. Did you want to avenge my husband?
Ser Vardis: With all my heart, my Lady. But the Imp is half my size. It would be shameful to slaughter such a man and call it justice.
Tyrion Lannister: Agreed.
Lysa Arryn: You demanded a trial by combat.
Tyrion Lannister: Now I demand a champion. I have that right, same as you.
Ser Vardis: My Lady, I would gladly fight the Imp’s champion for you.
Tyrion Lannister: I wouldn’t be too glad, ser. I name my brother, Jaime Lannister.
The room shudders.
Lysa Arryn: The Kingslayer is hundreds of miles from here.
Tyrion Lannister: Send a raven for him, I’m happy to wait.
Lysa Arryn: The trial will be today.
Tyrion Lannister: Do I have a volunteer?
Again, the majority of the room laughs quietly.
Tyrion Lannister: Anyone?... Anyone?
Lysa Arryn: I think that we can assume that no one is willing -
Bronn: I’ll stand for the dwarf.
In the woods, outside of King’s Landing.
Lancel Lannister: More wine, your Grace?
Robert Baratheon: Oh, what was I saying?
Renly Baratheon: A simpler time.
Robert Baratheon: It was! It was. You’re too young to remember. Wasn’t it, Selmy?
Barriston: It was, your Grace.
Robert Baratheon: The enemy was right there in the open, vicious as you like, all but sending you a bloody invitation. Nothing like today.
Renly Baratheon: Sounds exhilarating.
Robert Baratheon: Exhilarating, yes. Not as exhilarating as those balls and masquerades you like to throw. (laughs) You ever fucked a Riverlands girl?
Renly Baratheon: Once, I think.
Robert Baratheon: You think? I think you’d remember. Back in our day, you weren’t a real man until you fucked a girl from each of the Seven Kingdoms and the Riverlands. We called it “making the eight.”
Renly Baratheon: Those were some lucky girls.
Robert Baratheon: You ever make the eight, Barristan?
Barristan Selmy: I don’t believe so, your Grace.
Robert Baratheon: (laughs) Those were the days!
Renly Baratheon: What days were those? The ones where half of Westeros fought the other half and millions died? Or before that, when the Mad King slaughtered women and babies because the voices in his head told him they deserved it? Or way before that when dragons burned whole cities to the ground?
Robert Baratheon: Easy, boy. You might be my brother, but you’re speaking to the King.
Renly Baratheon: I suppose it was all rather heroic. If you were drunk enough and had some poor Riverlands whore to shove your price inside and “make the eight.”
Lancel Lannister: More wine, your Grace?
Renly walks off in the opposite direction of the group. Robert takes a large swig off of the wine and quickly continue walking.
In the throne room of King’s Landing. Ned sits upon the throne as a fill in for Robert, as he is Hand of the King. Baelish is at his right and Grand Maester Pycelle to his left. The room is filled with people.
Man: They burned most everything in the Riverlands, our fields, our granaries, our homes. They took our women and then they took ‘em again. When they was done, they butchered them as if they was animals. They covered our children in pitch and lit them on fire.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Brigands, most likely.
Man: They weren’t thieves, they didn’t steal nothing. They even left something behind, your Grace.
Grand Maester Pycelle: It’s the King’s Hand you’re addressing, not the king. The king is hunting.
A second man walks forward and empties a sack out onto the floor. It’s a pile of fish.
Eddard Stark:  These men, were they flying a sigil? … A banner.
Man: None, your… Hand. The one who was leading them… Taller by a foot than any man I’ve ever met, saw him cut the blacksmith, saw him take the head off a horse with a single swing of his sword.
Petyr Baelish: (whisper) That sounds like someone we know. The Mountain.
Eddard Stark:  You’re describing Ser Gregor Clegane.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Why should Ser Gregor turn brigand? The man is an anointed knight.
Petyr Baelish: I’ve heard him called “Tywin Lannister’s mad dog.” I’m sure you have as well. (whispering to Ned) Can you think of any reason the Lannisters might possibly have for being angry with your wife?
Grand Maester Pycelle: If the Lannisters were to order attacks on villages under the king’s protection, it would be -
Petyr Baelish: It would be almost as brazen as attacking the Hand of the King in the streets of the capital.
Grand Maester Pycelle: Wel…
Eddard Stark:  I cannot give you back your homes or restore your dead to life. But perhaps I can give you justice in the name of our king, Robert. Lord Beric Dondarrion.
Beric Dondarrion steps from the back of the room forward.
Eddard Stark:  You shall have the command. Assemble 100 men and ride to Ser Gregor’s keep.
Beric Dondarrion: As you command.
Ned stands up with the assistance of a cane. He steps forward.
Eddard Stark:  In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, the First of his Name, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, I charge you to bring the king’s justice to the false knight Gregor Clegane and all those who shared in his crimes. I denounce him and attaint him. I strip him of all ranks and titles of all lands and holdings, and sentence him to death.
Grand Maester Pycelle: My lord… This… This is a drastic action. It would be better to wait for King Robert’s return.
Eddard Stark:  Grand Maester Pycelle.
Grand Maester Pycelle: My Lord.
Eddard Stark:  Send a raven to Casterly Rock. Inform Tywin Lannister that he has been summoned to court to answer for the crimes of his bannermen. He will arrive within the fortnight, or be branded an enemy of the crown and a traitor to the realm.
The men all bow their heads in acknowledgement. Ned steps down from the throne, Baelish follows him, speaking only to Ned.
Petyr Baelish: A bold move, my Lord, and admirable. But is it wise to yank the lion’s tail? Tywin Lannister is the richest man in all the Seven Kingdoms. Gold wins wars, not soldiers.
Eddard Stark: Then how come Robert is king and not Tywin Lannister?
Robin Arryn: Is it over?
Lysa Arryn: You don’t fight with honor!
Bronn: No. He did.
Tyrion turns to Mord who uncuffs him.
Robin Arryn: Can I make the little man fly now?
Tyrion Lannister: Not this little man. This little man is going home. I believe you have something of mine.
Rodrik Cassel tosses Tyrion his purse. Tyrion bows before Catelyn, begins walking out, Bronn following. He tosses Mord the purse full of coins.
Tyrion Lannister: A Lannister always pays his debts.
At King’s Landing, Sansa Stark and Septa Mordane, both sowing.
Mordane: You wear your hair like a real southern lady now.
Sansa Stark: Well, why shouldn’t I? We’re in the south.
Mordane: It’s important to remember where you come from. I’m not sure your mother would like these new styles.
Sansa Stark: My mother isn’t from the North.
Mordane: I’m aware of that.
Sansa Stark: Why do you care? Do you even have hair under there?
Mordane: Yes. I have hair.
Sansa Stark: I’ve never seen it.
Mordane: Would you like to?
Sansa Stark: No. Where are you from anyway, the north or the south?
Mordane: I come from a very small village in -
Sansa Stark: Oh, wait. I just realized… I don’t care.
Mordane: Sansa -
Sansa Stark: Septa.
Mordane: Now you are being rude.
A door can be heard closing. Prince Joffrey walks in. Sansa’s eyes light up as both women stand up.
Mordane: My prince.
Sansa Stark: My prince.
Joffrey Baratheon:  My lady. I fear I have behaved monstrously the past few weeks. With your permission?
Joffrey offers Sansa a necklace. She turns around, for him to put it on her, as acceptance.
Sansa Stark: It’s beautiful. Like the one your mother wears.
Joffrey Baratheon:  You’ll be queen one day, it’s only fitting that you should look the part. Will you forgive me for my rudeness?
Sansa Stark: There’s nothing to forgive.
Joffrey Baratheon: You’re my lady. One day we’ll be married in the throne room. Lords and ladies from all over the Seven Kingdoms will come, from the last hearth in the North, to the salt shore of the south. And you will be queen over all of them.  I’ll never disrespect you again. I’ll never be cruel to you again. Do you understand me? You’re my lady now, from this day, until my last day.
The two share their first kiss.
In the woods outside of Winterfell, Theon is riding his horse, alone. He comes to a road and sees a carriage leaving, Ros on the back of it riding south.
Theon Greyjoy: Stop! Stop! What are you doing?!
Ros: Going to King’s Landing.
Theon Greyjoy: In a turnip cart?
Ros: I’ll find a ship heading south in White Harbor.
Theon Greyjoy: And you can afford that?
Ros: Some of my friends are more generous than others.
Theon Greyjoy: There’s a thousand girls like you in King’s Landing.
Ros: I’ll have lots of company…
Theon Greyjoy: Yes, you’ll be very popular until some fat lord comes to visit with a big belly and a little prick and he can’t get it up so he knocks all your teeth out.
Ros: (laughs) And what will happen to me if I stay here? Will I become Lady Greyjoy, Mistress of the Iron Islands?
Theon Greyjoy: Don’t be a fool.
Ros: I hear Jaime Lannister attacked Lord Stark in the streets of King’s Landing. Every man for a hundred miles will be marching off to war soon and most of them will never come back, there’s nothing more for me here. Let’s go, Steffon.
Theon Greyjoy: Let me see it one more time?
Ros: See what?
The carriage is driving away from Theon, he scrambles and flips Ros a coin. She catches it and lifts up her dress one final time for Theon, while laughing.
Theon Greyjoy: I’m going to miss you!
Ros: I know.
At King’s Landing in Ned’s quarters. Arya and Sansa await as their father limps forward, using his cane for assistance.
Eddard Stark:  I’m sending you both back to Winterfell.
Sansa Stark: What?!
Eddard Stark:  Listen -
Sansa Stark: What about Joffrey?
Arya Stark:  Are you dying because of your leg? Is that why you’re sending us home?
Eddard Stark:  What? No.
Sansa Stark: Please, Father. Please don’t.
Arya Stark:  You can’t. I’ve got my lessons with Syrio. I’m finally getting good.
Eddard Stark:  This isn’t a punishment. I want you back in Winterfell for your own safety.
Arya Stark:  Can’t we take Syrio back with us?
Sansa Stark: Who cares about your stupid dancing teacher? I can’t go. I’m supposed to marry Prince Joffrey. I love him and I’m meant to be his queen and have his babies.
Arya Stark: Seven hells.
Eddard Stark:  When you’re old enough, I’ll make you a match with someone who’s worthy of you, someone who’s brave and gentle and strong -
Sansa Stark: I don’t want someone brave and gentle and strong. I want him! He’ll be the greatest king that ever was, a golden lion, and I’ll give him sons with beautiful blond hair.
Arya Stark: The lion’s not his sigil, idiot. He’s a stag, like his father.
Sansa Stark: He is not. He’s nothing like that old drunk king.
Eddard Stark:  Go on, girls. Get your septa and start packing your things.
Sansa Stark: Wait!
Arya Stark:  Come on! (dragging Sansa)
Sansa Stark: It’s not fair!
The two exit Ned’s room and close the door behind them. Ned slowly makes his way over to his desk, opening the book that Grand Maester Pycelle had given him earlier. The book covers the lineages of all the great Houses of Westeros. Ned turns and reviews the Baratheon page, reading out loud.
Eddard Stark:  “Lord Orys Baratheon, black of hair.” “Axel Baratheon, black of hair.” “Lyonel Baratheon, black of hair.” “Steffon Baratheon, black of hair.” “Robert Baratheon, black of hair.” “Joffrey Baratheon… golden-haired.”
Ned has a revelation and closes the book.
Back at Vaes Dothrak, in a very large hut. It is a celebration. A pig roasts over a center fire as there are drums being played and people dancing everywhere. Viserys stumbles in, clearly drunk.
Viserys Targaryen: Daenerys! Where’s my sister?
Daenerys and Jorah both look up, noticing her brother on the opposite side of the hut. Drogo, on another side of the hut also sees Viserys. Jorah stands up and begins walking towards Viserys.
Daenerys Targaryen: Stop him.
Viserys Targaryen: Where is she? I’m here for the feast. The whore’s feast.
Jorah Mormont: Come.
Viserys Targaryen: Get your hands off me! No one touches the dragon!
A man sitting next to Drogo says something in Dothraki that makes the Khal laugh. Viserys hears this and spins around.
Viserys Targaryen: Khal Drogo! I’m here for the feast.
Khal Drogo: (speaks Dothraki, motions to the other side of the hut)
Jorah Mormont: Khal Drogo says there is a place for you. Back there.
Viserys Targaryen: That is no place for a king.
Khal Drogo:  You are no king.
Viserys draws his sword, Jorah moves forward, Viserys holds his sword at Jorah.
Viserys Targaryen: Keep away from me!
The drums stop and now everyone in the hut is paying attention.
Daenerys Targaryen: Viserys, please.
Viserys Targaryen: There she is.
Jorah Mormont: Put the sword down. They’ll kill us all.
Viserys Targaryen: They can’t kill us. They can’t shed blood in their sacred city. (moving his sword over everyone in the room, stopping on Daenerys’ stomach) But I can. I want what I came for. I want the crown he promised me. He bought you. But he never paid for you.
The Khal is fiercely looking at the situation as Viserys has his blade to Daenerys’ stomach. A woman is translating for Drogo as Viserys speaks.
Viserys Targaryen: Tell him I want what was bargained for or I’m taking you back. He can keep the baby. I’ll cut it out and leave it for him.
Khal Drogo:  (speaks Dothraki)
Viserys Targaryen: What’s he saying?
Daenerys Targaryen: He says yes. You shall have a golden crown, that men shall tremble to behold.
Viserys Targaryen: That was all I wanted. W-what was promised.
Viserys takes his blade away from Daenerys’ stomach and steps back, smiling. Drogo stands up and walks to his wife, placing his hand on her belly as they exchange looks. The Khal says something in Dothraki, two men instantly come up behind Viserys, each holding one of his arms. One man breaks Viserys’ right arm as he screams.
Viserys Targaryen: No! You cannot touch me! I am the dragon! I am the dragon! I want my crown! Ahh!
The two men force Viserys to the ground, still holding him by his arms. The Khal moves towards them and mutters something in Dothraki. A woman tips over a kettle that was over the fire, pouring out it’s contents. Drogo throws some golden jewelry into the kettle.
Jorah Mormont: Look away Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen: No.
Viserys Targaryen: No. Dany! Dany, tell them, make them! You can’t!
The golden jewelry is now melted down into liquid. Khal Drogo lifts the kettle up and walks over towards the screaming Viserys.
Viserys Targaryen: Dany please!
Khal Drogo: A crown for a king.
Khal Drogo raises the kettle over Viserys’ head and pours out the melted gold onto his skull. He screams as the hot liquid solidifies on his skull, the two men release Viserys, he instantly falls to the ground dead.
Jorah Mormont: Khaleesi…
Daenerys Targaryen: He was no dragon. Fire cannot kill a dragon.
Trumpets sounds from the Lannister camp. Going inside a tent, we see Tywin Lannister sharpening his knifes, preparing to skin a deer, while Jaime Lannister starts reading the received letter from Ned Stark.
Jaime Lannister:  "Summoned to court to answer for the crimes of your bannerman Gregor Clegane, the Mountain"
Uh, "arrive within the fortnight or be branded an enemy of the Crown."
Poor Ned Stark. Brave man, terrible judgment.
Tywin Lannister:  Attacking him was stupid.
Tywin Lannister:  Lannisters don't act like fools.
Are you gonna say something clever? Go on, say something clever.
Jaime Lannister:  Catelyn Stark took my brother.
Tywin Lannister:  Why is he still alive?
Jaime Lannister:  Tyrion?
Tywin Lannister:  Ned Stark.
Jaime Lannister:  One of our men interfered, speared him through the leg before I could finish him.
Tywin Lannister:  Why is he still alive?
Jaime Lannister:  It wouldn't have been clean.
Tywin Lannister:  Clean...
Tywin Lannister:  You spend too much time worrying about what other people think of you.
Jaime Lannister:  I could care less what anyone thinks of me.
Tywin Lannister:  Now that's what you want people to think of you.
Jaime Lannister:  It's the truth.
Tywin Lannister: When you hear them whispering "Kingslayer" behind your back, doesn't it bother you?
Jaime Lannister:  Of course it bothers me.
Tywin Lannister:  The lion doesn't concern himself with the opinions of the sheep.
I suppose I should be grateful that your vanity got in the way of your recklessness.
I'm giving you half of our forces. 30,000 men.
You will bring them to Catelyn Stark's girlhood home and remind her that Lannisters pay their debts.
Jaime Lannister:  I didn't realize you placed such a high value on my brother's life.
Tywin Lannister:  He's a Lannister. He might be the lowest of the Lannisters, but he's one of us.
And every day that he remains a prisoner, the less our name commands respect.
Jaime Lannister:  So the lion does concern himself with the opinions of..
Tywin Lannister:  No, it's not an opinion, it's a fact!
If another House can seize one of our own and hold him captive with impunity, we are no longer a House to be feared.
Your mother's dead. Before long I'll be dead.
And you and your brother and your sister and all of her children.
All of us dead, all of us rotting in the ground. It's the family name that lives on. It's all that lives on.
Not your personal glory, not your honor, but family.
Do you understand?
Jaime nods gently.
Tywin Lannister:  Hmm.
You're blessed with abilities that few men possess.
You are blessed to belong to the most powerful family in the kingdoms.
And you are still blessed with youth.
And what have you done with these blessings, huh? You've served as a glorified bodyguard for two kings.
One a madman, the other a drunk.
The future of our family will be determined in these next few months.
We could establish a dynasty that will last a thousand years.
Or we could collapse into nothing, as the Targaryens did.
I need you to become a man you were always meant to be.
Not next year. Not tomorrow. Now.
Submissive as he looks, Jaime walks out of the tent.
Back at a garden in Kings Landing, we see Queen Cersei approaching the sitting Ned Stark.
Cersei Lannister:  You're in pain.
Ned Stark:  I've had worse, my lady.
Cersei Lannister:  Perhaps it's time to go home.
Ned Stark:  The South doesn't seem to agree with you.
Ned Stark:  I know the truth Jon Arryn died for.
Cersei Lannister:  Do you, Lord Stark? Is that why you called me here, to pose me riddles?
Ned Stark:  Has he done this before?
Cersei Lannister:  Jaime would have killed him.
Cersei Lannister:  My brother is worth a thousand of your friend.
Ned Stark:  Your brother Or your lover?
Cersei Lannister:  The Targaryens wed brothers and sisters for 300 years to keep bloodlines pure.
Cersei Lannister:  Jaime and I are more than brother and sister.  We shared a womb. We came into this world together. We belong together.
Ned Stark:  My son saw you with him.
Cersei Lannister:  Do you love your children?
Ned Stark:  With all my heart.
Cersei Lannister:  No more than I love mine.
Ned Stark:  And they are all Jaime's.
Cersei Lannister:  Thank the Gods.
In the rare event that Robert leaves his whores for long enough to stumble drunk into my bed, I finish him off in other ways.
In the morning, he doesn't remember.
Ned Stark:  You've always hated him.
Cersei Lannister:  Hated him? I worshiped him.
Every girl in the Seven Kingdoms dreamed of him, but he was mine by oath.
And when I finally saw him on our wedding day in the Sept of Baelor, lean and fierce and black-bearded, it was the happiest moment of my life.
Then that night he crawled on top of me, stinking of wine and did what he did, what little he could do, and whispered in my ear, "Lyanna".
Your sister was a corpse and I was a living girl and he loved her more than me.
Ned Stark:  When the King returns from his hunt, I'll tell him the truth.
You must be gone by then. You and your children.
I will not have their blood on my hands.
Go as far away as you can, with as many men as you can.
Because wherever you go, Robert's wrath will follow you.
Cersei Lannister:  And what of my wrath, Lord Stark? You should have taken the realm for yourself.
Jaime told me about the day King's Landing fell.
He was sitting in the Iron Throne and you made him give it up.
All you needed to do was climb the steps yourself.
Such a sad mistake.
Ned Stark:  I've made many mistakes in my life, but that wasn't one of them.
Cersei Lannister:  Oh, but it was.
When you play the Game of Thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground.
Cersei walks off.
Littlefinger is looking outside his brothel window. Seeing mothers bathing their crying children.Seemingly in thought, he decides to close it. Meanwhile, Ros and Ameca are playing with each other, while Ros is loudly moaning.
Ros:  Come here.
Oh yes, oh. Oh yes yes yes.
Ros:  Yes, My Lord.
Petyr Baelish:  Let's start over, shall we? You be the man and you be the woman.
Well, go ahead. Slowly.
You're not fooling them. They just paid you. They know what you are.
They know it's all just an act.
Your job is to make them forget what they know.
That takes time. You need to Ease into it.
Go ahead. Ease into it.
He's winning you over in spite of yourself.
You're starting to like this.
He wants to believe you.
He's enjoyed his cock since he was old enough to play with it. Why shouldn't you?
He knows he's better than other men.
He's always known it deep down inside. Now he has proof.
He's so good, he's reaching something deep inside of you that no one even knew was there.
Overcoming your very nature.
Ros:  Why don't you join us, My Lord?
Petyr Baelish:  I'm saving myself for another.
Ros:  What she doesn't know won't hurt her.
Petyr Baelish:  A stupid saying.
What we don't know is usually what gets us killed.
Ros:  She must be very beautiful.
Petyr Baelish:  No, not really. Impeccable bloodlines though.
Ros:  I do believe my lord's in love.
Petyr Baelish:  For many years. Most of my life really.
Play with her ass.
And she loved me too. I was her little confidant, her plaything.
She could tell me anything, anything at all.
She told me about all the horses that she liked.
The castle she wanted to live in and the man that she wanted to marry.
A northerner with a jaw like an anvil.
So I challenged him to a duel. I mean, why not? I'd read all the stories.
The little hero always beats the big villain in all the stories.
In the end, she wouldn't even let him kill me.
"He's just a boy", she said. "Please don't hurt him".
So he gave me a nice little scar to remember him by, and off they went.
Ros:  Is she still married to him?
Petyr Baelish:  Oh no. He got himself killed before the wedding.
And she ended up with his brother, an even more impressive specimen.
She loves him, I'm afraid.
And why wouldn't she? I mean, who could compare to him? He's just so...good.
Do you know what I learned, losing that duel? I learned that I'll never win. Not that way.
That's their game, their rules. I'm not going to fight them.
I'm going to fuck them. That's what I know. That's what I am.
And only by admitting what we are can we get what we want.
Ros:  And what do you want?
Petyr Baelish:  Oh, everything, my dear. Everything there is.
Now wash yourselves. Both of you are working tonight.
Hmm.
While Ros and Ameca are both walking out, Littlefinger watches them leave.
Back at Winterfell, Osha is walking into a stable, carrying a bale of straw. While bending over and laying down the bale of sraw, Theon Grayjoy arrives.
Theon Greyjoy:  You're a very lucky girl. Do you know that?
Where I come from, we don't show mercy to criminals.
Where I come from, if someone like you attacked a little lord, at low tide we'd lay you on your back on the beach, your hands and feet chained to four stakes. The sea would come in closer and closer.
You'd see death creeping toward you a few inches at a time.
Osha:  Where is it you come from?
Theon Greyjoy:  The Iron Islands.
Osha:  They far away?
Theon Greyjoy:  You've never heard of the Iron Islands?
Osha:  Trust me, you've never heard where I'm from neither.
Theon Greyjoy:  Trust me, My Lord. You're not living in the wilderness anymore.
In civilized lands, you refer to your betters by their proper titles.
Osha:  And what's that?
Theon Greyjoy:  Lord.
Osha:  Why?
Theon Greyjoy:  Why? What do you mean why? My father is Balon Greyjoy, Lord of the Iron Islands.
Osha:  What's that got to do with you? If your father's lord, how can you be lord too?
Theon Greyjoy:  I will be lord after my father.
Osha:  So you're not lord now?
Theon Greyjoy:  No, you...You having a go at me? Is that it?
Osha:  I just don't understand how you Southerners do things.
Theon Greyjoy:  I'm not a Southerner.
Osha:  You're from South of the wall. That makes you a Southerner to me.
Theon Greyjoy:  You're an impudent little wench, aren't you?
Osha:  Couldn't say, My Lord. Don't know what "impunent" means.
Theon Greyjoy:  Impudent. It means rude. Disrespectful.
Do you want to lose that chain?
Maester Luwin:  Theon Greyjoy! The lady is our guest.
Theon Greyjoy:  I thought she was our prisoner.
Maester Luwin:  Are the two mutually exclusive in your experience?
Agitated as he is, Theon runs off.
Maester Luwin:  Chances are I won't be nearby the next time that happens.
Osha:  I'm used to worse than him.
Osha:  I'm used to men who could chew that boy up and pick their teeth with his bones.
Maester Luwin:  Why did you come here?
Osha:  Didn't mean to come here. Meant to get much further South than this.
As far South as South goes, before the long night comes.
Maester Luwin:   Why? What are you afraid of?
Osha:  There's things that sleep in the day and hunt at night.
Maester Luwin:   Owls and Shadowcats and...
Osha:  I'm not talking about Owls and Shadowcats.
Osha:  They wasn't gone, old man. They was sleeping.
And they ain't sleeping no more.
Seeing the wall from above, we see Jon and Sam walking towards the edge.
Samwell Tarly:  I miss girls.
Not even talking to them. I never talked to them.
Just looking at them, hearing them giggle.
Don't you miss girls?
Both Jon and Sam are looking down and see a galloping horse.
Riders. The horn. We have to blow the horn.
Jon Snow:  Why is he alone?
Samwell Tarly:  One blast for a Ranger returning, two for Wildlings, three for...
Jon Snow:  There's no rider.
While the Wall's gate is being opened, the horse gallops inside the tunnel. Jon and Sam are rushing down, while the stable boy has caught the horse, bringing him towards Jon, Sam and Jeor Mormont.
Night Watch stable boy:  Whoa, boy, whoa.
Jon Snow:  That's my Uncle Benjen's horse.
Where's my Uncle?
Returning to Kings Landing, we see Ned and Tomard walking down a hallway. Renly running towards them calling...
Renly Baratheon:  Ned! It's Robert.
We were hunting...a boar...
Surprised yet being shocked as he is, Ned walks towards Robert's chambers. Inside Robert's room, we see Cersei, Joffrey, Barristan Selmy and Maester Pycelle are all present. Robert speaks to joffrey, whom is sitting beside him.
Robert Baratheon:  I should have spent more time with you, shown you how to be a man.
I was never meant to be a father.
Go on. You don't want to see this.
Joffrey walks out of the room.
Robert Baratheon:  My fault. Too much wine, missed my thrust.
It stinks. It stinks like death. Don't think I can't smell it.
I paid the bastard back, Ned. I drove my knife right through his brain.
You ask them if I didn't. Ask them!
I want the funeral feast to be the biggest the Kingdoms ever saw.
And I want everyone to taste the boar that got me.
Now leave us, the lot of you. I need to talk to Ned.
Cersei Lannister:  Robert, my sweet...
Robert Baratheon:  Out, all of you!
On Robert's demand, everyone left except for Ned. As soon as the door shuts, Ned talks to Robert.
Ned Stark:  You damned fool.
Robert Baratheon:  Paper and ink on the table, write down what I say.
"In the name of Robert of the House Baratheon, first of..." you know how it goes. Fill in the damn titles.
"I hereby command Eddard of House Stark" titles, titles.
"To serve as Lord Regent and Protector of the Realm upon my death.
To rule in my stead, until my son Joffrey comes of age".
Give it over.
Ned hands over the letter and quill. It is seen that Robert's signs the letter with his autograph.
Robert Baratheon:  Give it to the council after I'm dead.
At least they'll say I did this right, this one thing.
You'll rule now. You'll hate it worse than I did, but you'll do it well.
The girl, Daenerys. You were right. Varys, Littlefinger, my brother. Worthless.
No one to tell me "no" but you. Only you.
Let her live. Stop it, if it's not too late.
Ned Stark:  I will.
Robert Baratheon:  And my son Help him, Ned. Make him better than me.
Ned Stark:  I'll, I'll do everything I can to honor your memory.
Robert Baratheon:  My memory.
King Robert Baratheon, murdered by a pig.
Give me something for the pain and let me die.
Ned walks out of Robert's chamber. Maester Pycelle, Renly, Varys and Barristan Selmy are waiting outside.
Ned Stark:  Give him milk of the poppy.
Both Maester Pycelle as Renly re-enter Robert's chamber. Still outside a conversation occurs.
Barristan Selmy:  He was reeling from the wine.
He commanded us to step aside, but I failed him.
Ned Stark:  No man could have protected him from himself.
Lord Varys:  I wonder, Ser Barristan, who gave the king this wine?
Barristan Selmy:  His squire, from the king's own skin.
Ned Stark:  His squire? The Lannister boy?
Lord Varys:  Such a dutiful boy to make sure his Grace did not lack refreshment.
I do hope the poor lad does not blame himself.
Ned Stark:  His Grace has had a change of heart concerning Daenerys Targaryen.
Whatever arrangements you made, unmake them. At once.
Lord Varys:  I'm afraid those birds have flown.
The girl is likely dead already.
Ned walks off.
Entering Khal Drogo's tent, Daenerys is braiding Khal Drogo's hair. The conversation is spoken in the Dothraki language.
Khal Drogo:  The stallion who mounts the world, has no need for iron chairs.
Daenerys Stormborn:  According to the prophecy, the stallions will ride to the ends of the world.
Khal Drogo:  The earth ends at the black salt sea. No horse can cross the poison water.
Daenerys Stormborn:  The earth does not end at the sea, there are many dirts beyond the sea.
The dirt where I was born.
Khal Drogo:  Not dirt. Lands.
Daenerys Stormborn:  Lands, yes...
There are thousands of ships in the free cities. Wooden horses that fly across the sea.
Khal Drogo:  Let's speak no more of wooden horses and iron chairs.
Daenerys Stormborn:  It's not a chair. It's a... Throne
Khal Drogo:  Throne?
Daenerys Stormborn:  A chair for a King to sit upon, or a Queen.
Khal Drogo:  A King does not need a chair to sit upon. He only needs a horse.
Khal Drogo kisses Daenerys and walks out of the tent.
A while later, at one of Vaes Dothrak's markets, Daenerys walks with Jorah Mormont.
Daenerys Stormborn:  Can't you help me make him understand?
Jorah Mormont:  The Dothraki do things in their own time, for their own reasons.
Have patience, Khaleesi. We will go home, I promise you.
Daenerys Stormborn:  My brother was a fool, I know, but he was the rightful heir to the Seven Kingdoms.
Have I said something funny, Ser?
Jorah Mormont:  Forgive me, Khaleesi, but your ancestor Aegon the Conqueror didn't seize six of the kingdoms because they were his right.
He had no right to them. He seized them because he could.
Daenerys Stormborn:  And because he had dragons.
Jorah Mormont:  Ah well, having a few dragons makes things easier.
Daenerys Stormborn:  You don't believe it.
Jorah Mormont:  Have you ever seen a dragon, Khaleesi? I believe what my eyes and ears report.
As for the rest It was 300 years ago. Who knows what really happened?
Now if you'll pardon me, I'll seek out the merchant Captain, see if he has any letters for me.
Deanerys Targarian: Well, I'll come with you.
Jorah Mormont:  No no, don't trouble yourself. Enjoy the market. I'll rejoin you soon enough.
Jorah walks by a few merchants, while a little child is calling him.
Little Bird:  Psst, Jorah the Andal.
The spider sends his greetings and his congratulations.
A royal pardon. You can go home now.
Jorah seems to have a change of heart. Meanwhile a merchant is heard from afar.
Wine Merchant:  Virzetha gizikhven! Mra qora! Mra qora!
Sweet reds! I have sweet reds from Lys, Volantis and the Arbor!
Tyrosh pear brandy! Andalish sours! I have them! I have them!
Danaerys approaches the merchant
Wine Merchant:  A taste for the Khaleesi? I have a sweet red from Dorne, my lady.
One taste and you'll name your first child after me.
Daenerys Stormborn:  My son already has his name, but I'll try your summerwine.
Just a taste.
Wine Merchant:  My Lady, you are from Westeros.
Doreah:  You have the honor of addressing Daenerys of the House Targaryen.
Khaleesi of the riding men and princess of the Seven Kingdoms.
Wine Merchant:  Princess.
Daenerys Stormborn:  Rise. I'd still like to taste that wine.
Wine Merchant:  That? Dornish swill.
Not worthy of a princess. I have a dry red from the Arbor. Nectar of the Gods.
Let me give you a cask. Uh... a gift.
Daenerys Stormborn:  You honor me, Ser.
Wine Merchant:  The honor...the honor is all mine.
Rakharo:  Huh-uh, huh-uh.
Rakharo pulls the cask out of the merchants hands.
Wine Merchant:  You know there are many in your homeland that pray for your return, princess.
Daenerys Stormborn:  I hope to repay your kindness someday.
Jorah Mormont:  Rakharo.
Rakharo:  Huh.
Jorah Mormont:  Put down that cask.
Daenerys Stormborn:  Is something wrong?
Jorah Mormont:  I have a thirst. Open it.
Wine Merchant:  The wine is for the Khaleesi. It's not for the likes of you.
Jorah Mormont:  Open it.
The wine merchant obeys and opens the cask.
Jorah Mormont:  Pour.
Wine Merchant:  It would be a crime to drink a wine this rich without at least giving it time to breathe.
Daenerys Stormborn:  Do as he says.
Wine Merchant:  As the princess commands.
The wine merchant poors the wine into a cup.
Wine Merchant:  Sweet, isn't it? Can you smell the fruit, Ser? Taste it, My Lord.
Tell me that that is not the finest wine that has ever touched your tongue.
Jorah Mormont:  You first.
Wine Merchant:  Me? I'm afraid I am not worthy of the vintage.
Besides, it is a poor wine merchant who would drink up his own wares.
Daenerys Stormborn:  You will drink.
The wine merchant takes Jorah's cup. Looks both Jorah and Daenerys innocently in their eyes, while making a toasting gesture.
As soon as his lips touches his cup, he drops it and tries to flee.
Doreah:  Khaleesi! Stop him!
After a very short chase, Rakharo was able to capture the wine merchant, grabbing the merchants leg with his whip.
Jorah grabs Daenerys's arm.
Jorah Mormont:  Come.
At the Wall we see Jeor Mormont speaking towards his brothers of the Night's Watch.
Jeor Mormont:  You came to us as outlaws, poachers, rapers, killers, thieves.
You came alone, in chains, without friends nor honor.
You came to us rich and you came to us poor.
Some of you bear the names of proud houses, others only bastard names or no names at all.
It does not matter. All that, is in the past.
Here, on the wall, are all one house.
Tonight...
Samwel Tarly:  You're allowed to look happy.
You're going to be a Ranger.
Isn't that what you always wanted?
Jon Snow:  I want to find my Uncle.
I know he's alive out there. I know he is.
Samwell Tarly:  I wish I could help you, but I'm no Ranger.
It's the steward's life for me.
Samwell Tarly:  There's honor in being a steward.
Not much, really. But there's food.
Jeor Mormont:  Here you begin anew.
A man of The Night's Watch lives his life for the realm.
Not for a king, or a lord, or the honor of this house or that house.
Not for gold nor glory nor a woman's love. But for the realm! And all the people in it.
You've all learned the words of the vow.
Think carefully before you say them.
The penalty for desertion, is death.
You can take your vows here tonight, at sunset.
Do any of you still keep the old Gods?
Jon Snow stands.
Jon Snow:  I do, my lord.
Jeor Mormont:  You'll want to take your vow before a heart tree as your Uncle did.
Jon Snow:  Yes, my lord.
Jeor Mormont:  You'll find a Weirwood a mile North of the Wall. And your old Gods too, maybe.
Samwell Tarly:  my lord, might I go as well?
Jeor Mormont:  Does house Tarly keep the old Gods?
Samwell Tarly:  No, my lord.
I was named in the light of the Seven, as my father was and his father before him.
Alliser ThorneL  Why would you forsake the Gods of your father and your house?
Samwell Tarly:  The Night's Watch is my house now.
The Seven have never answered my prayers. Perhaps the old Gods will.
Jeor Mormont:  As you wish, lad.
You've all been assigned an order, according to our needs and your strengths.
Halder to the builders. Pyp to the stewards. Toad to the builders.
Grenn to the Rangers. Samwell to the stewards. Matthar to the Rangers.
Dareon to the stewards. Balian to the Rangers. Rast to the Rangers.
Jon to the stewards. Rancer to the builders. Echiel to the builders.
Gordo to the stewards. Niko to the Rangers. Escan to the Rangers.
Vorkoy to the builders. Joby to the stables. Mink to the kitchens.
Allo to the builders. Nelugo to the Rangers.
May all the Gods preserve you.
Jaremy Rykker:  Rangers with me.
Othell Yarwyck:  Builders!
Everyone walks to their designated leader. Sam, Jon and Pyp walk towards Maester Aemon and await their tasks.
Maester Aemon:  Samwell, you will assist me in the rookery and library.
Pyp, you will report to Bowen Marsh in the kitchens.
Luke, report to one-eyed Joe in the stables.
Dareon, we are sending you to Eastwatch.
Present yourself to Borcas when you arrive. Make no comment about his nose.
Jon Snow, Lord Commander Mormont has requested you for his personal steward.
Jon Snow:  Will I serve the Lord Commander's meals and fetch hot water for his bath.
Maester Aemon:  Certainly. And keep a fire burning in his chambers.
Change his sheets and blankets daily and do everything else the Lord Commander requires of you.
Jon Snow:  Do you take me for a servant?
Maester Aemon:  We took you for a man of The Night's Watch.
But perhaps we were wrong in that.
Jon Snow:  May I go?
Maester Aemon:  As you wish.
Jon walks away, while Sam and Pyp follow him.
Samwell Tarly:  Jon, wait! Don't you see what they're doing?
Jon Snow:  I see Ser Alliser's revenge, that's all.
He wanted it and he got it.
Stewards are nothing but maids! I'm a better swordsman and rider than any of you! It's not fair.
Pypar:  Fair? I was singing for a high lord at Acorn Hall when he put his hand on my leg and he wanted to see my cock.
I pushed him away and he said he'd have my hands cut off for stealing their silver.
So now I'm here. At the end of the world with no one to sing for, but old men and little shits like you.
I'll never see my family again. I'll never be inside a woman again.
So don't tell me about fair.
Samwell Tarly:  I thought you were caught stealing a wheel of cheese for your starving sister?
Pypar:  You think I was gonna tell a bunch of strangers that a high lord tried to grab my cock?
Samwell Tarly:  Could you sing me a song, Pyp? I'd like to hear a song.
Angrily Pyp walks off. Sam talks to Jon.
Samwell Tarly:  Now listen to me. The old man is the Lord Commander of The Night's Watch.
You'll be with him day and night.
Yes, you'll clean his clothes.But you'll also take his letters, attend him at meetings, squire for him in battle.
You'll know everything, be part of everything. And he asked for you himself.
He wants to groom you for command.
Jon Snow:  I just, I always wanted to be a Ranger.
Samwell Tarly:  I always wanted to be a Wizard.
Jon laughs out loud.
What? No, I'm serious.
So you'll stay and say your words with me?
In Kings Landing we see Ned Stark walking with his guards, while Renly approaches.
Renly Baratheon:  Lord Stark, a moment.
Alone if you will.
Renly Baratheon:  He named you Protector of the Realm.He did.
Renly Baratheon:  She won't care.
Give me an hour and I can put a hundred swords at your command.
Ned Stark:  And what should I do with a hundred swords?
Renly Baratheon:  Strike! Tonight while the castle sleeps.
We must get Joffrey away from his mother and into our custody.
Protector of the Realm or no, he who holds the King holds the Kingdom.
Every moment you delay gives Cersei another moment to prepare.
By the time Robert dies, it will be too late for the both of us.
Ned Stark:  What about Stannis?
Renly Baratheon:  Saving the Seven Kingdoms from Cersei and delivering them to Stannis?
You have odd notions about protecting the realm.
Ned Stark:  Stannis is your older brother.
Renly Baratheon:  This isn't about the bloody line of succession.
That didn't matter when you rebelled against the Mad King. It shouldn't matter now.
What's best for the Kingdoms? What's best for the people we rule? We all know what Stannis is.
He inspires no love or loyalty. He's not a King. I am.
Ned Stark:  Stannis is a commander. He's led men into war twice.
He destroyed the Greyjoy fleet.
Renly Baratheon:  Yes, he's a good soldier. Everyone knows that. So was Robert.
Tell me something: Do you still believe good soldiers make good kings?
Ned Stark:  I will not dishonor Robert's last hours by shedding blood in his halls and dragging frightened children from their beds.
Ned walks off to his chamber, while Renly is left behind agitated.
Entering Ned Starks chamber, we see him writing a letter to Stannis. Giving orders to Tomard.
Ned Stark:  You will sail to dragonstone tonight.
You will place this in the hand of Stannis Baratheon.
Not his steward, not his Captain of the guard, and not his wife.
Only Stannis himself.
Tomard:  Yes, My Lord.
Littlefinger enters the room
Ned Stark:  Now leave us.
Tomard follows Ned's command and leaves his chamber. Littlefingers starts off the conversation.
Petyr Baelish:  My Lord protector.
Ned Stark:  The King has no true born sons.
Joffrey and Tommen are Jaime Lannister's bastards.
Petyr Baelish:  So when the King dies...
Ned Stark:  The throne passes to his brother Lord Stannis.
Petyr Baelish:  So it would seem. Unless...
Ned Stark:  There is no "unless".
He is the rightful heir. Nothing can change that.
Petyr Baelish:  And he cannot take the throne without your help.
You would be wise to deny it to him and to make sure Joffrey succeeds.
Ned Stark:  Do you have a shred of honor?
Petyr Baelish:  You are now Hand of the King and Protector of the Realm.
All of the power is yours. You need only reach out and take it.
Make peace with the Lannisters. Release the Imp. Wed your daughter to Joffrey.
We have plenty of time to get rid of Stannis.
And if Joffrey seems likely to cause problems when he comes into his throne, we simply reveal his little secret and seat Lord Renly there instead.
Ned Stark:  We?
Petyr Baelish:  You'll need someone to share these burdens. I assure you, my price would be modest.
Ned Stark:  What you suggest is treason.
Petyr Baelish:  Only if we lose.
Ned Stark:  Make peace with the Lannisters, you say. With the people who tried to murder my boy.
Petyr Baelish:  We only make peace with our enemies, my Lord.
That's why it's called "making peace".
Ned Stark:  No. I won't do it.
Petyr Baelish:  So it will be Stannis and war?
Ned Stark:  There is no other choice. He is the heir.
Petyr Baelish:  So why did you call me here? Not for my wisdom, clearly.
Ned Stark:  You promised Catelyn you would help me.
The Queen has a dozen knights and a hundred men-at-arms.
Enough to overwhelm what remains of my household guard. I need the gold cloaks.
The City Watch is 2,000 strong and sworn to defend the King's peace.
Petyr Baelish:  Look at you. You know what you want me to do.
You know it has to be done, but it's not honorable so the words stick in your throat.
When the Queen proclaims one King and the Hand proclaims another, whose peace do the Gold Cloaks protect?
Who do they follow?
The man who pays them.
Back at the Wall, we see Jon, Sam and Ghost, walking with a few Night's Watch brothers, on their way to the Weirwood tree.
Upon arrival, they're taking their vows.
Both Jon and Sam:  Hear my words and bear witness to my vow.
Night gathers and now my watch begins.
It shall not end until my death.
I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children.
I shall wear no crowns and win no glory.
I shall live and die at my post.
I am the sword in the darkness.
I am the watcher on the walls.
I am the shield that guards the realms of men.
I pledge my life and honor to The Night's Watch, for this night and all the nights to come.
Othell Yarwyck:  You knelt as boys.
Rise now as men of The Night's Watch.
Fellow Night's Watch brothers:  Well done. Well done.
Ghost suddenly appears and is holding onto something.
Samwell Tarly:  What's he got there?
Jon SnowL  To me, Ghost. Bring it here.
It appeared that Ghost was holding a frozen hand.
Samwell Tarly:  Gods be good!
Returning to a tent in Vaes Dothrak, both Daenarys and Jorah are having a conversation, while walking past the captured wine merchant.
Daenerys Stormborn:  What will they do to him?
When the Khalasar rides, he'll be leashed to a saddle, forced to run behind the horses for as long as he can.
Daenerys Stormborn:  And when he falls?
I saw a man last nine miles once.
Daenerys Stormborn:  King Robert still wants me dead.This poisoner was the first. He won't be the last.
Daenerys Stormborn:  I thought he'd leave me alone, now that my brother is gone.
He will never leave you alone.
If you ride to darkest Asshai, his assassins will follow you.
If you sailed all the way to the Basilisk Isles, his spies would tell him.
He will never abandon the hunt.
You're a Targaryen. The last Targaryen.
Your son will have Targaryen blood with 40,000 riders behind him.
Daenerys Stormborn:  He will not have my son.
He will not have you either, Khaleesi.
Khal Drogo enters the tent with a couple of his men. After staring at the scared merchant, he walks towards Daenarys
Khal Drogo:  Moon of my life. Are you hurt?
Daenarys gently shakes her head in disapproval. Khal Drogo kisses Daenarys's forehead and talks to Jorah.
Khal Drogo:  Jorah the Andal, I heard what you did.
Choose any horse you wish, it is yours.I make this gift to you.
And to my son, the stallion who will mount the world. I will also pledge a gift.I will give him the iron chair, that his mother's father sat upon.
I will give him Seven Kingdoms. I Drogo, will do this.
I will take my Khalasar west to where the world ends and ride wooden horses across the black salt water as no Khal has done before.
I will kill the men in iron suits and tear down their stone houses.
I will rape their women, take their children as slaves and bring their broken gods back to Vaes Dothrak.
This, I vow. I, Drogo, son of Bharbo. I swear before the Mother of Mountains as the stars look down in witness!
As the stars look down in witness!
The Khalasar is moving out of Vaes Dothrak, riding underneath the Horse Gate.
Just as Jorah predicted, the wine merchant is leashed to one of the horses saddles, covered with dirt, struggling to move on.
In Kings Landing Ned stark walks with his men, while being called by a messenger.
Messenger:  Lord Stark!
Varly:  Stop!
Ned Stark:  No, all right.
It's all right. Let him through.
Messenger:  Lord Stark, King Joffrey and the Queen Regent request your presence in the Throne Room.
Ned Stark:  King Joffrey?
Messenger:  King Robert is gone.
The Gods give him rest.
Ned seems petrified by the news. Shortly after, Ned arrives close-by the Throne room, where Littlefinger, Varys and a few Stark men await him.
Petyr Baelish:  All is accomplished. The City Watch is yours.
Ned Stark:  Good. Is Lord Renly joining us?
Lord Varys:  I fear Lord Renly has left the city.
He rode through the old gate an hour before dawn with Ser Loras Tyrell and some 50 retainers.
Last seen galloping South in some haste.
When moving on, affront of the Throne room, Janos Slynt and the Gold Cloaks await Ned.
Janos Slynt:  We stand behind you, Lord Stark.
Messenger:  All hail his Grace, Joffrey of Houses Baratheon and Lannister, the first of his name, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.
King Joffrey:  I command the council to make all necessary arrangements for my coronation.
I wish to be crowned within the fortnight.
Today I shall accept oaths of fealty from my loyal councilors.
Ned Stark:  Ser Barristan, I believe no man here could ever question your honor.
Barristan Selmy:  King Robert's seal. Unbroken.
"Lord Eddard Stark is herein named Protector of the Realm, to rule as Regent until the heir come of age".
Cersei Lannister:  May I see that letter, Ser Barristan?
Protector of the realm. Is this meant to be your shield, Lord Stark? A piece of paper?
Cersei shreds Robert's letter to pieces
Barristan Selmy:  Those were the King's words.
Cersei Lannister:  We have a new King now.
Lord Eddard, when we last spoke you offered me some counsel.
Allow me to return the courtesy. Bend the knee, My Lord.
Bend the knee and swear loyalty to my son and we shall allow you to live out your days in the gray waste you call home.Your son has no claim to the throne.
King Joffrey:  Liar!
Cersei Lannister:  You condemn yourself with your own mouth, Lord Stark.
Ser Barristan, seize this traitor.
Ned Stark:  Ser Barristan is a good man, a loyal man. Do him no harm.
Cersei Lannister:  You think he stands alone?
Cregor Clegane draws his sword.
King Joffrey:  Kill him! Kill all of them, I command it!
Ned Stark:  Commander! Take the Queen and her children into custody.
Escort them back to the royal apartments and keep them there, under guard.
Janos Slynt:  Men of the Watch!
The Gold Cloaks draw their swords.
Ned Stark:  I want no bloodshed.
Tell your men to lay down their swords. No one needs to die.
Petyr Baelish:  Now!
Suddenly, the Gold Cloaks switch sides and attack the Stark men. Littlefinger sneaks up to Ned Stark.
He grabs him from behind, then holds a dagger to his throat, saying...
Petyr Baelish:  I did warn you not to trust me.
Entering King's Landing, we see Syrio Forel dancing with Arya.
Syrio Forel:  Yah! Left high, left low.
How ironic it seems, how peacefully Arya and Syrio are dancing, near the Throne room, the Kings Guard fights a few Stark men.
Going back again at Arya's dancing training.
Syrio Forel:  Right low, lunge right.
Outside in a courtyard, a few Stark stewards are packing and bringing out the Stark family's belongings.
Steward of House Stark:  If you break anything, the Septa will have my head. What is...
The stewards are being slaughtered by the Kingsguard.
Going back inside the Red Keep, Sansa is walking down a hallway with her Septa.
Septa Mordane:  Your sister knew perfectly well we were to leave today.
How she could forget...
Sansa Stark:  She didn't forget. She's with her dancing master.
She's with him every morning. She always comes back with scrapes and bruises.
She's so clumsy.
Septa Mordane:  Hush! Go back to your room.
Bar the doors and do not open them for anyone you do not know.
Sansa Stark:  What is it? What's happening?
Septa Mordane:  Do as I told you. Run!
Back at Arya's training.
Syrio Forel:  This way! Left, right.
Rah! Now you are dead.
Arya Stark:  You said right, but you went left.
Syrio Forel:  And now you are a dead girl.
Arya Stark:  Only 'cause you lied.
Syrio Forel:  My tongue lied.
My eyes shouted the truth.
You were not seeing.
Arya Stark:  I was so. I watched, but you...
Syrio Forel:  Watching is not seeing, dead girl.
The seeing, the true seeing, that is the heart of swordplay.
The Kingsguard approaches.
Meryn Trant:  Arya Stark, come with us.
Your father wants to see you.
Syrio Forel:  And why is it that Lord Eddard is sending Lannister men in place of his own? I am wondering.
Meryn Trant:  Mind your place, dancing master.
This is no concern of yours.
Arya Stark:  My father wouldn't send you.
As she picks up her wooden stick from the ground, she says.
Arya Stark:  And I don't have to go with you if I don't want.
Maryn Trant:  Take her.
Syrio Forel:  Are you men or snakes, that you would threaten a child?
Kings guard:  Get out of my way, little man.
Syrio Forel:  I am Syrio Forel.
Kings guard:  Foreign bastard.
The Kings guard draws his sword. Before he can strike, Syrio hits him with his wooden stick. Knocking him out.
Syrio Forel:  And you will be speaking to me with more respect.
Meryn Trant:  Kill the Braavosi. Bring the girl.
Syrio Forel:  Arya child, we are done with dancing for the day.
Run to your father.
Syrio Forel fights three Kings guards at once, eventually knocking them all out.
Meryn Trant:  Bloody oafs.
Syrio Forel:  Be gone now, Arya.
Arya Stark:  Come with me. Run.
Syrio Forel:  The first sword of Braavos does not run.
Meryn Trant strikes Syrio, a short duel takes place. Eventually Meryn Trant cuts Syrio Forel's wooden sword into pieces.
Syrio Forel:  What do we say to the God of death?
Arya Stark:  Not today.
Syrio Forel:  Go.
Arya Stark runs off and hears a bunch of screams from down the hallway. She looks concerned.
Arya Stark:  Not today. Not today.
Back on the other side of the Red Keep, Sansa runs on, but is stopped by a familiar face.
Sansa Stark:  Stay away from me.
I'll tell my father. I'll...I'll tell the Queen.
Sandor Clegane:  Who do you think sent me?
Back to Arya, we see that she has arrived at the slaughtered stewards. She sees her belongings lying on the ground.
Arya Stark:  Needle.
A stable boy appears.
Stable Boy:  There she is.
Arya Stark:  What do you want?
Stable Boy:  I want you, wolf girl. Come here.
Arya Stark:  Leave me be. My father's a lord. He'll reward you.
Stable Boy:  She'll reward me, the Queen!
Arya Stark:  Stay away!
Accidentally, she turns around sliding Needle through the stable boys belly. Her first kill is a fact.
Shook as she is, she runs off.
In the dark dungeon cells of Kings Landing we see Ned Stark. He sees a little light approaches him. After a short while it is clear that it's Varys, whom is holding a torch.
Lord Varys:  Lord Stark, you must be thirsty.
Ned Stark:  Varys.
Lord Varys:  I promise you it isn't poisoned.
Why is it no one ever trusts the eunuch? Not so much, My Lord.
I would save the rest, if I were you.
Hide it. Men have been known to die of thirst in these cells.
Ned Stark:  What about my daughters?
Lord Varys:  The younger one seems to have escaped the castle.
Even my little birds cannot find her.
Ned Stark:  And Sansa?
Lord Varys:  Still engaged to Joffrey.
Cersei will keep her close. The rest of your household though, all dead, it grieves me to say.
I do so hate the sight of blood.
Ned Stark:  You watched my men being slaughtered and did nothing.
Lord Varys:  And would again, My Lord.
I was unarmed, unarmored and surrounded by Lannister swords.
When you look at me do you see a hero?
What madness led you to tell the Queen you had learned the truth about Joffrey's birth?
Ned Stark:  The madness of mercy. That she might save her children.
Lord Varys:  Ah, the children. It is always the innocents who suffer.
It wasn't the wine that killed Robert, nor the boar.
The wine slowed him down and the boar ripped him open, but it was your mercy that killed the King.
I trust you know you are a dead man, Lord Eddard?
Ned Stark:  The Queen can't kill me. Cat holds her brother.
Lord Varys:  The wrong brother sadly.
And lost to her. Your wife has let the Imp slip through her fingers.
Ned Stark:  If that's true, then slit my throat and be done with it.
Lord Varys:  Not today, My Lord.
Varys is about to walk away, while being stopped by Ned one last time.
Ned Stark:  Tell me something, Varys.
Who do you truly serve?
Lord Varys:  The Realm, My Lord.
Someone must.
Varys leaves the dungeons.
At Castle Black a corpses are being carried inside. Some of the Night's brothers are inspecting the two bodies.
Jeor Mormont:  It's Othor, without a doubt.
Othell Yarwyck:  The other one is Jafer Flowers, My Lord, less the hand the wolf tore off.
Jeor Mormont:  Any sign of Benjen or the rest of his party?
Jon Snow:  Just these two, My Lord. Been dead awhile, I'd say.
Jeor Mormont:  Mmm.
Samwell Tarly:  The smell.
Othell Yarwyck:  What smell?
Samwell Tarly:  There is none.
If they'd be dead for a long time, wouldn't there be rot?
Jon Snow:  We should burn them.
Othell Yarwyck:  Snow's not wrong, My Lord.
Fire will do for them. The Wildling way.
Jeor Mormont:  I want Maester Aemon to examine them first.
You may be a coward, Tarly, but you're not stupid.
Get them inside.
Othell Yarwyck:  You heard him.
Ser Alliser: Lord Commander, Maester Aemon awaits you in his chambers. A raven from King's Landing.
Nights Watch brother:  Come on, move 'em out.
Jon Snow is summoned to Jeor Mormont's chambers. While entering the room, a conversation starts.
Jeor Mormont:  Bring me a horn of ale, Snow, and pour one for yourself.
The King is dead.
Jon Snow:  Is there any word of my father?
Jeor Mormont:  Sit.
Lord Stark has been charged with treason.
They say he conspired with Robert's brothers to deny the throne to Prince Joffrey.
Jon points to the letter, as he wants to read it. Jeor Mormont hands it over. When reading the letter, Jon stands up and wants to walk away.
Jeor Mormont:  I hope you're not thinking of doing anything stupid.
Your duty lies here now.
Jon Snow:  My sisters were in King's Landing too.
Jeor Mormont:  I'm sure they'll be treated gently.
Jon walks out.
Deep inside the Red Keep, Sansa is having a conversation with Cersei.
Grand Maester Pycelle, Varys and Littlefinger being in their presence.
Lord Varys:  Your father has proved to be an awful traitor, dear.
Grand Maester Pycelle:  King Robert's body was still warm when Lord Eddard began plotting to steal Joffrey's rightful throne.
Sansa Stark:  He wouldn't do that. He knows how much I love Joffrey.
He wouldn't. Please, Your Grace, there's been a mistake.
Send for my father. He'll tell you, the King was his friend.
Cersei Lannister:  Sansa sweetling, you are innocent of any wrong.
We know that.
Yet you are the daughter of a traitor.
How can I allow you to marry my son?
Grand Maester Pycelle:  A child born of a traitor's seed is no fit consort for our King.
She is a sweet thing now, Your Grace, but in 10 years who knows what treasons she may hatch?
Sansa Stark:  No, I'm not.
I'll be a good wife to him, you'll see.
I'll be a Queen just like you, I promise.
I won't hatch anything.
Petyr Baelish:  The girl is innocent, Your Grace.
She should be given a chance to prove her loyalty.
Cersei Lannister:  Little dove, you must write to Lady Catelyn and your brother, the eldest.
What's his name?
Sansa Stark:  Robb.
Cersei Lannister:  Word of your father's arrest will reach him soon, no doubt.
Best it comes from you.
If you would help your father, urge your brother to keep the King's peace.
Tell him to come to King's Landing and swear his fealty to Joffrey.
Sansa Stark:  If...if I could see my father, talk to him about...
Cersei Lannister:  You disappoint me, child.
We have told you of your father's treason.
Why would you want to speak to a traitor?
Sansa Stark:  I only meant that...what will happen to him?
Cersei Lannister:  That depends.
Sansa Stark:  On...on what?
Cersei Lannister:  On your brother. And on you.
Back at Winterfell, Robb reads the letter Sansa sent.
Robb Stark:  Treason? Sansa wrote this?
Maester Luwin:  It is your sister's hand, but the Queen's words.
You are summoned to King's Landing to swear fealty to the new King.
Robb Stark:  Joffrey puts my father in chains, now he wants his ass kissed?
Maester Luwin: This is a royal command, My Lord.
If you should refuse to obey...
Robb Stark:  I won't refuse. His Grace summons me to King's Landing, I'll go to King's Landing.
But not alone. Call the banners.
Maester Luwin: All of them, My Lord?
Robb Stark:  They've all sworn to defend my father, have they not?
Maester Luwin: They have.
Now we see what their words are worth.
Maester Luwin: Yeah.
Maester Luwin walks off.
Theon Greyjoy:  Are you afraid?
Robb Stark:  I must be.
Theon Greyjoy:  Good.
Robb Stark:  Why is that good?
Theon Greyjoy:  It means you're not stupid.
At the Eyrie, Catelyn rushes to Lysa's chambers. Upon arrival she angrily speaks.
Catelyn Stark:  You've had this since dawn?
Lysa Arryn:  He sent it to me, not you.
I've only shown it to you as a courtesy.
Catelyn Stark:  A courtesy?! My husband has been taken prisoner.
My son intends to declare war.
Lysa Arryn:  A war? Your son against the Lannisters?
You should go to him. Teach him patience.
Catelyn Stark:  Ned rots in a dungeon and you speak of patience? He is your brother by law!Does family mean nothing to you?
Lysa Arryn:  Family means everything to me.
And I will not risk Robin's life to get caught up in another of your husband's wars.
Robin Arryn:  I'm hungry.
Lysa Arryn:  Hush now, darling. You just ate.
Catelyn Stark:  You will not support us then? Do I understand you correctly?
Robin Arryn:  But I'm hungry!
Lysa Arryn:  Soon, love, soon.
You're always welcome here, sister.
But if you're asking me to send men from the Vale to fight...
Catelyn Stark:  That is what I ask.
Lysa Arryn:  Go on, sweet. Time for your bath. I'll feed you after.
Robin walks out of the room.
Catelyn Stark:  If you fear for the safety of your son...
Lysa Arryn:  Of course I fear for the safety of my son!
Are you an idiot? They killed my husband.
You say they shoved your boy from a window.
These people will do anything.
Catelyn Stark:  And that is why we have to stop them.
Lysa Arryn:  The knights of the Vale will stay in the Vale where they belong, to protect their Lord.
Both Tyrion and Bronn are seen walking through the hills of the Vale.
Bronn:  Will you shut up? There's hill tribes all around here.
Tyrion Lannister:  If I'm going to die, it may as well be with a song in my heart.
Bronn:  I should just take your food and leave you here.
Eh? What would you do then?
Tyrion Lannister:  Starve, most likely.
Bronn:  You don't think I'd do it, do you?
Tyrion Lannister:  What do you want, Bronn? Gold? Women? Golden women?
Stick with me and you'll have them all, for as long as I'm around and not for a moment longer.
But you knew that.
That is why you so valiantly took up arms to defend my honor.
Bronn:  Fair enough.
But don't go looking for me to bend the knee and "My Lord" you every time you take a shit.
I'm not your toady and I'm not your friend.
Tyrion Lannister:  Though I would treasure your friendship.
I'm mainly interested in your facility with murder.
And if the day ever comes when you're tempted to sell me out.
Remember this: Whatever their price, I'll beat it.
I like living.
A while later, Tyrion and Bronn are seen near a campfire.
Bronn hears noises of approaching men and tries to warn Tyrion.
Bronn:  Tyrion. Tyrion. Tyrion.
Tyrion Lannister:  Come, share our fire.
Help yourselves to our goat.
Shagga:  When you meet your Gods, you tell them Shagga Son of Dolf of the Stone Crows sent you.
Tyrion Lannister:  I am Tyrion son of Tywin of Clan Lannister.
How would you like to die, Tyrion son of Tywin?
Tyrion Lannister:  In my own bed, at the age of 80 with a bellyful of wine and a girl's mouth around my cock.
Take the half man.
He can dance for the children. Kill the other one.
Tyrion Lannister:  No no no no no! My, my House is rich and powerful.
If you see us through these mountains, my father will shower you with gold.
Shagga:  We have no use for a half man's promises.
Tyrion Lannister:  Half a man maybe, but at least I have the courage to face my enemies.
What do the Stone Crows do? Hide behind rocks and shiver when the knights of the Vale ride by?
Are those the best weapons you could steal? Good enough for killing sheep, if the sheep don't fight back.
Lannister smiths shit better steel.
Shagga:  You think you can win us over with your trinkets?
Tyrion Lannister:  That trinket is worth more than everything your tribe owns.
But if you help us, Shagga Son of Dolf, I will not give you trinkets.
I will give you this.
Tyrion makes a gesture.
Shagga:  What is "this"?
Tyrion Lannister:  The Vale of Arryn.
The Lords of the Vale have always spat upon the hill tribes.
The Lords of the Vale want me dead.
I believe it is time for new Lords of the Vale.
In Castle Black's kitchen, Jon and Sam are preparing a meal, while Ser Alliser approaches.
Ser Alliser:  Now there's a rare sight. Not only a bastard, but a traitor's bastard.
Jon looks Alliser in his eyes. Silence occur for a few seconds. Then, suddenly Jon tries to strike Alliser, but is stopped by Pypar and Grenn.
Samwell Tarly:  Jon, no! Jon, stop, put it down!
Ser Alliser:  Blood will always tell. You'll hang for this, bastard.
Ser Alliser had his fun and walks away, while Jeor Mormont saw the incident and walk towards Jon.
Jeor Mormont:  I told you not to do anything stupid. You're confined to quarters. Go.
Jon obeys and walks off.
Later that night, Ghost alerts Jon. He seems to be uneasy. Jon wakes up and talks to Ghost.
Jon Snow:  Ghost, what's wrong? Is something out there?
Jon decides to get out of bed, gear up and opens the door. Ghost runs off towards Jeor Mormants room.
Mounting his door.
Jon Snow:  Commander?
Jon Snow:  Stay.
Ghost waits at the front door, while Jon walks in.
Jon Snow:  Hello?
Who's there?
Lord Commander?
As soon as he walks through the door, the door shuts and the corpse of Othor attacks Jon. Jon tries to stab him with his dagger, but nothing seems to phase him. Jon pulls himself loose, draws his sword and cuts off Othor's other hand. Then Jon stabs Othor through the heart. Othor falls down. Suddenly Jeor Mormont arrives.
Jeor Mormont:  Snow!?
Jon Snow:  Commander!Othor gets back on his feet, pulling out Jon's sword out of his chest. Outside of the room, Ghost goes beserk, trying to get in.
Jon grabs Jeor's lantern and throws it at Othor. Othor catches fire.
Jon Snow:  Move move!
Jon grabs Jeor by his arm and flees inside a room, shutting the door.
The Khalasar have arrived the lands of Lhazar. Dany and her company walk through the burned area.
Daenarys Stormborn:  What did they do?
Rakharo:  Lamb men make good slaves. Khal Drogo will make a gift of them to the slavers.
And the slavers will give us gold...and silk and steel.
Daenarys Stormborn:  I thought the Dothraki didn't believe in money.
Jorah Mormont:  Gold to hire ships, Princess. Ships to sail to Westeros.
While walking a little further, Dany sees Dothraki men looting and holding Lhazareen captive.
Daenarys Stormborn:  Jorah, make them stop.
Jorah Mormont:  Khaleesi?
Daenarys Stormborn:  You heard me.
Jorah Mormont:  These men have shed blood for their Khal.
Now they claim their rewards.
Rakharo:  She is a lamb girl, Khaleesi. The riders do her honor.
If her wailing offends the Khaleesi, I will bring you her tongue.
Jorah Mormont:  Princess, you have a gentle heart, but this is how it's always been.
Daenarys Stormborn:  I do not have a gentle heart, Ser. Do as I command or Khal Drogo will know the reason why.
Jorah and Rhakharo both obey and run off, trying to stop the Khalasar, while freeing some Lhazareen.
Rhakharo:  Kash qoy qoyi thira disse. Me qorasokh anni!
While Rhakharo argues with a Dothraki man, Jorah brings over a Lhazareen woman.
Jorah Mormont:  Come.
Dothraki Man:  Anha afichak mae m'arakhoon!
Jorah Mormont:  What do you want done with them?
Daenarys Stormborn:  Bring her to me. And those women there.
Jorah Mormont:  You cannot claim them all, Princess.
Daenarys Stormborn:  I can, and I will.
Leaving with a couple of Lhazareen women, Dany arrives at a covered courtyard, where Khal Drogo is having a discussion with Mago.
Mago:  Me Fati! Khaleesi vazha anhaan qorasokh anni, ch'anha afichak mae m'arakhoon anni!
Khal Drogo:  Me vastoe hatif anni; ahhazaan yer Nemo vacchaki.
Khal Drogo:  Moon of my life. Mago says you have taken his spoils.
A daughter of a lamb men, who was his to mount. Tell me the truth of this.
Daenarys Stormborn:  Mago speaks the truth, my sun and stars. I have claimed many daughters this day, so they cannot be mounted.
Khal Drogo:  This is the way of war. These women are slaves now to do with as we please.
Daenarys Stormborn:  It pleases me to keep them safe.
If your riders would mount them, let them take them for wifes.
Qotho:  Does the horse mate with the lamb?
Daenarys Stormborn:  The dragons feeds on horse and lamb alike.
Mago:  You are a foreigner. You do not command me.
Daenarys Stormborn:  I am Khaleesi. I do command you.
Khal Drogo:  See how fierce she grows?
That is my son inside her, the stallion that will mount the world. Filling her with his fire.
I will hear no more.
Mago, find somewhere else to stick your cock.
Mago spits on the ground and draws his sword.
Mago:  A Khal who takes orders from a foreign whore is no Khal.
When Qotho is trying to interfere, Khal Drogo calls him back.
Khal Drogo:  Ohosa. Os.
I will not have your body burned. I will not give you that honor.
Mago points out his sword and pushes it to Khal Drogo's chest.
Khal Drogo grins, it doesn't seem to phase him. He continues talking.
Khal Drogo:  The beetles will feed on your eyes. The worms will crawl through your lungs.
Mago starts swinging his sword, while Khal Drogo dodges his attack.
When turning his back on Mago, he grabs his daggers and speaks.
Khal Drogo:  The rain will fall on your rotting skin...
Khal Drogo turns around facing Mago and drops his daggers to the ground.
Khal Drogo:  Until nothing is left of you but bones!
Khal Drogo runs towards Mago, while dodging his attacks. While attacking, Mago screams.
mago:  First you have to kill me!
Khal drogo grabs Mago's sword, disarms him and cuts his throat open. He grabs Mago's throat, crushes it and pulls out his tongue.
He shows Mago's tongue to the crowd, walks back to his chair and throws Mago's tongue on a pile of rotting flesh.
While sitting down, Dany runs towards him.
Daenarys Stormborn:  My sun and stars is wounded.
Khal Drogo:  A scratch, moon of my life.
Daenarys Stormborn:  Where are the healers?
Khal Drogo:  This is the bite of a fly.
Mirri Maz Duur:  I can help the great rider with his cut.
Qotho:  The Khal needs no help from slaves who lie with sheep.
Daenarys Stormborn:  She is mine let her speak.
Mirri Maz Duur:  Thank you, silver lady.
Daenarys Stormborn:  Who are you?
When "the witch" is trying to approach Dany, Qotho stops her.
Mirri Maz Duur:  I am named Mirri Maz Duur.
I was the Godswife of this Temple.
Qotho:  A witch.
And spits on the ground.
Mirri Maz Duur:  My mother was Godswife here before me.
She taught me how to make healing smokes and ointments.
All men are of one flock, so my people believe.
The Great Shepherd sent me to Earth to heal his...
Qotho slaps "the witch" and says.
Qotho:  Too many words. A witch's words poison the ears.
Mirri Maz Duur:  lamb or lion, his wound must be washed and sewn or it will fester.
Daenarys Stormborn:  Let her clean your wound, my sun and stars.
It makes me hurt to see you bleed.
Khal Drogo lays eyes upon "the witch". While he's seemingly in thought, "the witch" approaches him.
As Dany steps aside, she looks at Khal Drogo's wound.
Entering Winterfell, gathered Stark banner men are having a feast.
We see Greatjon Umber whom is having a conversation with Robb Stark.
Greatjon Umber:  For 30 years I've been making corpses out of men, boy.
I'm the man you want leading the Vanguard.
Robb Stark:  Galbart Glover will lead the Van.
Greatjon Umber:  The bloody Wall will melt before an Umber marches behind a Glover.
I will lead the Van or I will take my men and march them home.
Robb Stark:  You are welcome to do so, Lord Umber.
And when I am done with the Lannisters, I will march back North, root you out of your Keep and hang you for an oathbreaker.
Greatjon Umber:  Oathbreaker, is it?!
Greatjon stands up as he is offended
Greatjon Umber:  I'll not sit here and swallow insults from a boy so green he pisses grass.
While Greatjon Umber raises his voice to Robb, Grey Wind rushes towards him and attacks, biting off 2 of his fingers.
Robb Stark:  My Lord father taught me it was death to bare steel against your Liege Lord.
But doubtless the Greatjon only meant to cut my meat for me.
Greatjon Umber:  Your meat...is bloody tough.
Greatjon Umber starts laughing breaking the tension, making everyone laughing along with him.
Later that night, Robb is having a short visit with Brann Stark. Upon entering his room, Brann is stil asleep.
Robb wakes him and a conversation follows.
Brann Stark:  What is it? What's happened?
Robb Stark:  Shh, it's all right.
Brann Stark:  Where are you going?
Robb Stark:  South. For father.
Brann Stark:  But it's the middle of the night.
Robb Stark:  The Lannisters have spies everywhere.
I don't want them to know we're coming.
Brann Stark:  They have more men than we do.
Robb Stark:  Aye, they do.
Brann Stark:  Can't I come with you? I can ride now. You've seen me riding.
And I won't get in the way, I...
Robb Stark:  There must always be a Stark at Winterfell.
Until I return that will be you.
You are not to leave the castle walls while we are gone.
Do you understand?
Listen to Maester Luwin. Look after your little brother.
Brann Stark:  I will.
Robb Stark:  I'll send letters whenever I can, but if you don't hear from me, don't be scared.
Until I return.
Robb leaves the room, but as soon as Robb left, Rickon appears.
Brann Stark:  How long have you been hiding out there?
Robb will be looking for you, to say goodbye.
Rickon Stark:  They've all gone away.
Brann Stark:  They'll be back soon.
Robb will free father and they'll come back with mother.
Rickon Stark:  No, they won't.
Rickon turns arond and leaves the room.
The next morning, Brann is sitting affront of the Weirwood tree.
While saying his prayers, Osha approaches him.
Brann Stark:  Please watch over Robb.
And watch over all the other men from Winterfell.
And Theon too, I suppose.
Osha:  You hear them, boy? The Old Gods are answering you.
Brann Stark:  What are you doing here?
Osha:  They're my Gods too.
Beyond the Wall, they're the only Gods.
Even slaves are allowed to pray.
Brann Stark:  You're not a slave.
Osha points out to her chains and wiggles her foot.
Brann Stark:  Well, your friend did put a knife to my throat.
I'm not complaining, Little Lord, just telling truths.
Brann Stark:  What did you mean about hearing the Gods?
Osha:  You asked them, they're answering you.
Shh. Open your ears.
Brann is trying to listen and looks up the Weirwood tree. He hears the wind blowing through the leaves.
Brann Stark:  It's only the wind.
Who do you think sends the wind if not the Gods?
They see you, boy. They hear you.
Your brother will get no help from them where he's going.
The Old Gods have no power in the South.
The Weirwoods there were all cut down a long time ago.
How can they watch when they have no eyes?
Suddenly Hodor appears.
It appears he was bathing nearby, since he is bare naked holding a towel around his neck.
Osha:  Well, there's a big man.
He has giants blood in him or I'm the Queen.
Brann Stark:  Go back and find your clothes, Hodor.
Go dress.
Hodor:  Hodor.
Hodor obeys and runs off.
Brann Stark:  Are there really giants beyond the Wall?
Osha:  Giants and worse than giants.
I tried telling your brother, he's marching the wrong way.All these swords, they should be going North, boy.
North, not south!
The cold winds are rising.
Looking back up to the Weirwood tree, Brann hears the wind again.
At castle Black, the Night's Watch decided to burn the corpse of Othor, whom attacked Jeor Mormant.
Sam decided to share some knowledge.
Samwell Tarly:  They were touched by White Walkers.
That's why they came back.
That's why their eyes turned blue.
Only fire will stop them.
Jon Snow:  How do you know that?
Samwell Tarly:  I read about it in a book. A very old book in Maester Aemon's library.
Jon Snow:  What else did the book say?
Samwell Tarly:  The White Walkers sleep beneath the ice for thousands of years.
And when they wake up...
Pypar:  And when they wake up, what?
Sam looks to the top of the Wall.
Samwell Tarly:  I hope The Wall is high enough.
Seemingly worried, the rest of the lot also look towards the top of the Wall.
Catelyn Stark and Ser Rodrik both arrive at Robb Starks camp.
Rodrik Cassel:  Summer snows, My Lady.
Catelyn Stark:  Robb's brought the North with him.
Entering Robbs tent, we see Robb and his banner men discussing tactics.
Robb Stark:  The River Lords are falling back with Jaime Lannister at their heels.
And Lord Tywin is bringing around a second Lannister army from the South.
Our scouts confirm it's even larger than the Kingslayer's.
Greatjon Umber:  One army or two, the Kings in the North threw back hosts ten times this large.
Robb Stark:  Mother!
Catelyn Stark:  You look well.
Greatjon Umber:  Lady Catelyn, you're a welcome sight in these troubled times.
Theon Greyjoy:  We had not thought to meet you here, My Lady.
Catelyn Stark:  I had not thought to be here.
I would speak with my son alone. I know you will forgive me, My Lords.
Greatjon Umber:  You heard her! Move your asses! Come on, out.
You too, Greyjoy.
Are you bloody deaf? Have no fear, My Lady.
We'll shove our swords up Tywin Lannister's bunghole and then it's on to the Red Keep to free Ned.
You old devil, Rodrik.
Rodrik Cassel:  Jon.
Greatjon Umber:  You're not wasting away, are you?
As soon as the men left, Catelyn hugs Robb.
Catelyn Stark:  I remember the day you came into this world red-faced and squalling.
And now I find you leading a host to war.
Robb Stark:  There was no one else.
Catelyn Stark:  No one? Who were those men I saw here?
Robb Stark:  None of them are Starks.
Catelyn Stark:  All of them are seasoned in battle.
Robb Stark:  If you think you can send me back to Winterfell...
Catelyn Stark:  Oh, would that I could.
Robb Stark:  There was a letter. From Sansa.
Catelyn Stark:  From the Queen, you mean.
There's no mention of Arya.
Robb Stark:  No.
Catelyn Stark:  How many men do you have?
Robb Stark:  18,000. If I go to King's Landing and bend my knee to Joffrey...
Catelyn Stark:  you would never be allowed to leave. No.
Our best hope, our only hope, is that you can defeat them in the field.
Robb Stark:  And if I lose?
Catelyn Stark:  Do you know what happened to the Targaryen children, when the Mad King fell?
Robb Stark:  They were butchered in their sleep.
Catelyn Stark:  On the orders of Tywin Lannister. And the years have not made him kinder.
If you lose, your father dies, your sisters die, we die.
Robb Stark:  Well, that makes it simple then.
Catelyn Stark:  I suppose it does.
----------------------------------------------------
Arriving at the foot of the Lannister camp, Tyrion, Bronn, Shagga and the hill tribe, decide to stop for a short while.
A conversation follows.
Tyrion Lannister:  From here it might be best if Bronn and I continue alone.
Shagga:  Best for Tyrion son of Tywin. Not best for me.
If the half man betrays us, Shagga son of Dolf will cut off his manhood...
Tyrion Lannister:  And feed it to the goats, yes.
All right then. Time to meet my father.
Moving into the Lannister camp, Shagga and the hill tribe follow.
Upon entering the Tywin Lannister's tent, we see Kevan Lannister and Tywin sitting at a table, scheming.
Kevan Lannister  Tyrion.
Tyrion Lannister:  Uncle. Father.
Tywin Lannister:  The rumors of your demise were unfounded.
Tyrion Lannister:  Sorry to disappoint you.
Tywin Lannister:  And who are these Companions of yours?
Tywin Lannister:  This is Shagga Son of Dolf, Chieftain of the Stone Crows.
Timett Son of Timett, ruler of the Burned Men.
This fair maid is Chella daughter of Cheyk, leader of the Black Ears.
And here we have Bronn son of...
Bronn:  You wouldn't know him.
Tyrion Lannister:  May I present My Lord Father, Tywin son of Tytos of House Lannister.
Lord of Casterly Rock and Warden of the West. Kind of you to go to war for me.
Tywin Lannister:  You left us no choice. The honor of the House was at stake.
Your brother would never have submitted to capture so meekly.
Tyrion Lannister:  We have our differences, Jaime and I.
He's braver. I'm better looking.
Jamie Lannister:  He's been covering himself in glory.
Kevan Lannister:  Jaime smashed the River Lords at the Golden Tooth, and now lays siege to Riverrun, Catelyn Stark's homeland.
Tyrion Lannister:  And the Starks? Lord Eddard?
Tywin Lannister:  Is our hostage.
He will lead no armies from his dungeon cell.
Tyrion Lannister:  How did my sweet sister persuade the King to imprison his dear friend Ned?
Tywin Lannister:  Robert Baratheon is dead.
Joffrey rules in King's Landing.
Tyrion Lannister:  My sister rules, you mean.
Kevan Lannister:  Stark's son has called his banners.
He moves south with a strong host.
Tywin Lannister:  A green boy.
One taste of battle and he'll run back to Winterfell wi his tail between his legs.
Tyrion Lannister:  Maybe. Though the boy does have a certain belligerence.
You'd like him.
While we're on the subject of war, I made promises to my friends here and a Lannister always pays his debts.
We shall require 3,000 helms and shields, plus swords, pikes, gorgets, maces...
Suddenly a messenger appears, interrupting Tyrion's request.
Messenger:  If it please My Lord, Ser Addam bids me report that the Northmen have crossed the neck.
Tywin Lannister:  The wolf rushes into the lion's jaws.
So be it. Kevan, command the drummers beat assembly.
And send word to Jaime that I am moving against Robb Stark.
Kevan Lannister:  At once, My Lord.
Tywin Lannister:  It is said that the men of the Mountain clans are great warriors.
Ride with me against my enemies and you shall have all my son promised you and more.
Shagga:  Only if the half man fights with us.
Until we hold the steel he pledged us, the little lion's life is ours.
Tywin looks over to Tyrion. Tyrion looks shooked.
Back at Robbs camp, inside his tent we see Robb and his men plotting.
Rodrik Cassal:  The scouts report Lord Tywin moves north.
We need to get him on broken ground, put his Knights at a disadvantage.
Greatjon Umber:  No, we need to get around him and break Jaime Lannister's siege of Riverrun.
Do that and the River Lords will join us.
Robb Stark:  To do either we need to cross the river and the only crossing is at The Twins.
Theon Greyjoy:  Lord Frey controls that bridge.
Your father's bannerman.
Catelyn Stark:  "The late Lord Frey" my father calls him.
At the Trident, he didn't appear until the battle was done.
Some men takes their oaths more seriously than others.
Meanwhile, outside a few Stark men captured a scout, leading him to Robbs tent.
Theon Greyjoy:  Robb's right.
We need that bridge.
Greatjon Umber:  So what's it gonna be? Do we move against Jaime or Lord Tywin?
Stark guard:  Your pardon, my lords.
We've captured a Lannister scout.
Theon covers the map with pawns
Greatjon Umber:  Don't worry, lad.
He won't be leaving this tent with his head.
Robb Stark:  Where did you find him?
Stark guard:  In the brush above the encampment.
He looked to be counting.
Robb walks towards the Lannister scout.
Robb Stark:  How high did you get?
Lannister scout:  20,000. Maybe more.
Rodrik Cassel  You don't have to do this yourself.
Your father would understand.
Robb Stark:  My father understands mercy, when there is room for it.
And he understands honor and courage.
Let him go.
Catelyn Stark:  Robb.
Robb looks over his shoulder with a stare. Catelyn understands and looks down in regret.
Robb Stark:  Tell Lord Tywin, Winter is coming for him.
To find out if he really does shit gold.
Lannister scout:  Yes, My Lord. Thank you, My Lord.
Greatjon Umber:  Are you touched, boy?! Letting him go?
Robb Stark:  You call me boy again.
Greatjon Umber wants to taunt Robb.
Robb Stark:  Go on.
Greatjon Umber:  Oi.
Frustrated, Greatjon Umber walks out of the tent.
In Kings Landing, we see Ned Stark asleep in the dungeons, a guard on patrol kicks his feet waking him up. Then walks on.
Meanwhile, in the Throne room, new roles are being announced by Grand Maester Pycelle.
Grand Maester Pycelle:  It is also the wish of His Grace, that his loyal servant Janos Slynt, Commander of the City Watch...
While Grand Maester Pycelle is speaking, Sansa walks by a few familiar faces.
Sansa Stark:  Ser Aron.
Grand Maester Pycelle:  Be at once raised to the rank of Lord.
Sansa Stark:  Lord Gyles.
Grand Maester Pycelle:  And granted the ancient seat of Harrenhal, and that his sons and grandsons shall hold this honor after him, until the end of time.
In the place of the traitor Eddard Stark, it is the wish of his Grace that Tywin Lannister, Lord of Casterly Rock and Warden of the West, be appointed Hand of the King.
Lastly, in these times of treason and turmoil, it is the view of the Council that the life and safety of King Joffrey be of paramount importance.
Cersei Lannister:  Ser Barristan Selmy.
Barristan Selmy approaches.
Barristan Selmy:  Your Grace, I am yours to command.
Cersei Lannister:  Rise, Ser Barristan.
You may remove your helm.
You have served the Realm long and faithfully.
Every man and woman in the Seven Kingdoms owes you thanks.
But it is time to put aside your armor and your sword.
It is time to rest and look back with pride on your many years of service.
Barristan Selmy:  Your Grace, the Kingsguard is a sworn brotherhood.
Our vows are taken for life. Only death relieves us of our sacred trust.
Cersei Lannister:  Whose death, Ser Barristan? Yours or your King's?
King Joffrey:  You let my father die.
You're too old to protect anybody.
Barristan Selmy:  Your Grace...
Cersei Lannister:  The Council has determined that Ser Jaime Lannister will take your place as Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.
Barristan Selmy:  The man who profaned his blade with the blood of the King he had sworn to defend!
Cersei Lannister:  Careful, Ser.
Lord Varys:  We have nothing but gratitude for your long service, good Ser.
You shall be given a stout Keep beside the sea, with servants to look after your every need.
Barristan Selmy:  A hall to die in and men to bury me.
I am a Knight. I shall die a Knight.
Petyr Baelish:  A naked Knight, apparently.
Barristan Selmy:  Even now I could cut through the five of you like carving a cake!
Here, boy! Melt it down and add it to the others.
King's Landing Page:  If any man in this hall has other matters to set before His Grace, let him speak now or go forth and hold his silence.
Sansa Stark:  Your Grace.
King Joffrey:  Come forward, My Lady.
Sansa walk forth.
King's Landing Page:  The Lady Sansa of House Stark.
Cersei Lannister:  Do you have some business for the King and the Council, Sansa?
Sansa Stark:  I do.
Sansa kneels down.
Sansa Stark:  As it please Your Grace, I ask mercy for my father, Lord Eddard Stark, who was Hand of the King.
Grand Maester Pycelle:  Treason is a noxious weed.
It should be torn out, root...
King Joffrey:  Let her speak.
I want to hear what she says.
Sansa Stark:  Thank you, Your Grace.
Petyr Baelish:  Do you deny your father's crime?
Sansa Stark:  No, My Lords. I know he must be punished.
All I ask is mercy. I know My Lord father must regret what he did.
He was King Robert's friend and he loved him.
You all know he loved him.
He never wanted to be Hand until the King asked him.
They must have lied to him. Lord Renly or Lord Stannis or somebody.
They must have lied!
King Joffrey:  He said I wasn't the King. Why did he say that?
Sansa Stark:  He was badly hurt.
Maester Pycelle was giving him milk of the poppy.
He wasn't himself. Otherwise h never would have said it.
Lord Varys:  A child's faith Such sweet innocence.
And yet they say wisdom oft comes from the mouths of babes.
Grand Maester Pycelle:  Treason is treason!
King Joffrey:  Anything else?
Sansa Stark:  If you still have any affection in your heart for me, please do me this kindness, Your Grace.
King Joffrey:  Your sweet words have moved me.
But your father has to confess.
He has to confess and say that I'm the King or there'll be no mercy for him.
Sansa Stark:  He will.
At the King’s Landing catacombs, Varys goes out to see Ned Stark.
Varys:  You've seen better days, my lord.
Eddard Stark:  Another visit? lt seems you're my last friend.
Varys:  No, no, many still love you. Sansa came to court this morning to plead for your life.
Eddard Stark:  On her knees begging for me. Hm! Did you laugh with the others?
Varys:  You do me wrong, my lord. Your blood is the last thing l want.
Eddard Stark:  l don't know what you want. l've given up trying to guess.
Eddard Stark:  Huh. Can you free me from this pit?
Varys:  l could. But will l? No. As l said, I'm no hero.
Eddard Stark:  What do you want? Tell me. No riddles, no stories. Tell me, what do you want?
Varys:  Peace. Did you know that your son is marching south with an army of Northmen? Loyal lad. Fighting for his father's freedom.
Eddard Stark:  Robb? He's just a boy.
Varys:  Boys have been conquerors before. But the man giving Cersei sleepless nights is the king's the late king's brother. Lord Stannis has the best claim to the throne. He is a proven battle commander and he is utterly without mercy.
Eddard Stark:  Stannis Baratheon is Robert's true heir. The throne is his by rights.
Varys:  Sansa pleaded so sweetly for your life. lt would be a shame to throw it away. Cersei is no fool. She knows a tame wolf is more use to her than a dead one.
Eddard Stark:  You want me to serve the woman who murdered my king, who butchered my men, who crippled my son?
Varys:  l want you to serve the realm! Tell the queen you will confess your vile treason, tell your son to lay down his sword and proclaim Joffrey as the true heir. Cersei knows you as a man of honor. lf you give her the peace she needs, and promise to carry her secret to your grave, l believe she will allow you to take the black and live out your days on the Wall with your brother and your bastard son.
Eddard Stark:  You think my life is some precious thing to me? That l would trade my honor for a few more years of... of what? You grew up with actors. You learned their craft and you learnt it well. But l grew up with soldiers. l learned how to die a long time ago.
Varys:  Pity. Such a pity. What of your daughter's life, my lord? ls that a precious thing to you?
Theon shoots a raven coming from The Twins. Robb picks it up and reads the message.
Robb Stark:  lt's a birthday message to his grand-niece Walda.
Theon Greyjoy:  Or so Walder Frey would have you think.
Catelyn Stark:  Keep shooting them down. We can't risk Lord Walder sending word of your movements to the Lannisters.
Robb Stark:  He's Grandfather's bannerman. We can't expect his support?
Greatjon Umber:  Expect nothing of Walder Frey and you'll never be surprised. Look.
Robb Stark:  Father rots in a dungeon. How long before they take his head? We need to cross the Trident and we need to do it now.
Theon Greyjoy:  Just march up to his gates and tell him you're crossing. We've got five times his numbers. You can take the Twins if you have to.
Greatjon Umber:  Not in time. Tywin Lannister marches north as we speak.
Catelyn Stark:  The Freys have held the crossing for 600 years, and for 600 years they have never failed to exact their toll.
Robb Stark:  Have my horse saddled and ready.
Greatjon Umber:  Enter the Twins alone and he'll sell you to the Lannisters as he likes.
Theon Greyjoy:  Or throw you in a dungeon. Or slit your throat.
Robb Stark:  My father would do whatever it took to secure our crossing. Whatever it took. lf l'm going to lead this army, l can't have other men doing my bargaining for me.
Catelyn Stark:  l agree. l'll go.
Everyone:  You can't!
Catelyn Stark:  l have known Lord Walder since l was a girl. He would never harm me.
Greatjon Umber:  Unless there was a profit in it.
Catelyn finds herself inside the Twins, which the Freys gathered to watch her audience with Lord Walder.
Walder Frey:  What do you want?
Catelyn Stark:  lt is a great pleasure to see you again after so many years, my lord.
Walder Frey:  Oh, spare me. Your boy's too proud to come before me himself. What am l supposed to do with you?
Stevron Frey:  Father, you forget yourself. Lady Stark is –
Walder Frey:  Who asked you? You're not Lord Frey yet, not until l die. Do l look dead to you?
Ryger Rivers:  Father, please –
Walder Frey:  l need lessons in courtesy from you, bastard? Your mother would still be a milkmaid if l hadn't squirted you into her belly.
(gestures to Catelyn) All right, you come forward.
(kisses her hand) There. Now that l've observed the courtesies, perhaps my sons will do me the honor of shutting their mouths.
Catelyn Stark:  ls there somewhere we can talk?
Walder Frey:  We're talking right now. Fine. Out! All of you!
(taps his new wife on the bottom) Oh! You too.
(To Catelyn) You see that? Fifteen, she is. A little flower. And her honey's all mine.
Catelyn Stark:  l'm sure she will give you many sons.
Walder Frey:  Huh. Your father didn't come to the wedding.
Catelyn Stark:  He is quite ill, my lord.
Walder Frey:  Huh. Didn't come to the last one, either. Or the one before that. Your family has always pissed on me.
Catelyn Stark:  My lord, l –
Walder Frey:  Don't deny it. You know it's true. The fine Lord Tully would never marry any of his children to mine.
Catelyn Stark:  l'm sure there were reasons –
Walder Frey:  l didn't need reasons. l needed to get rid of sons and daughters. You see how they pile up? Why are you here?
Catelyn Stark:  To ask you to open your gates, my lord, so my son and his bannermen may cross the Trident and be on their way.
Walder Frey:  Why should l let him?
Catelyn Stark:  lf you could climb your own battlements, you would see that he has 20,000 men outside your walls.
Walder Frey:  There will be 20,000 corpses when Tywin Lannister gets here. Don't try and frighten me, Lady Stark. Your husband's in a cell beneath the Red Keep and your son's got no fur to keep his balls warm.
Catelyn Stark:  You swore an oath to my father.
Walder Frey:  Oh, yes, l said some words. And l swore oaths to the crown too, if l remember right. Joffrey's king now, which makes your boy and his corpses-to-be nothing but rebels, it seems to me. lf l had the sense the gods gave a fish, l'd hand you both over to the Lannisters.
Catelyn Stark:  Why don't you?
Walder Frey:  Stark, Tully, Lannister, Baratheon. Give me one good reason why l should waste a single thought on any of you?
--------------------------------
At Castle Black, Jon Snow and Commander Mormont are having a chat.
Voices outside:  And engage!
Jeor Mormont:  When does Aemon think you'll be able to use that hand?
Jon Snow:  Soon, he says.
Jeor Mormont:  Good. You'll be ready for this, then. l thought a wolf was more appropriate for you than a bear so l had a new pommel made. lt's called Longclaw. Works as well for a wolf as a bear, l think.
Jon Snow:  This is Valyrian steel.
Jeor Mormont:  lt was my father's sword, his father before him. The Mormonts have carried it for five centuries. lt was meant for my son Jorah. He brought dishonor to our House, but he had the grace to leave the sword before he fled from Westeros.
Jon Snow:  My lord, you honor me, but l can't –
Jeor Mormont:  Oh, you can. And you will. l wouldn't be standing here if it wasn't for you and your beast. A bloody dead man tried to kill me, so you'll take it. l'll hear no more about it. ls that understood?
Jon Snow:  Yes, my lord.
Jeor Mormont:  Right. Now, don't think this means l approve of this nonsense with you and Alliser Thorne. That's a man's sword. lt'll take a man to wield it.
Jon Snow:  l'll apologize to Ser Alliser tonight.
Jeor Mormont:  No, you won't. l sent him to King's Landing yesterday. The hand that your wolf tore off that thing's wrist – l've ordered Thorne to lay it at the feet of this boy king. That should get young Joffrey's attention. And it, uh, puts a thousand leagues between you and Thorne. Now go and put your sword somewhere safe and bring me my supper.
Jon Snow:  Yes, my lord.
Jon Snow leaves the room and emerges outside, heading towards the mess hall.
Unidentified Night’s Watchers:  Well done. Well done.
Night’s Watcher #1:  You earned that, Snow.
Night’s Watcher #2:  Well done.
Jon arrives at the mess hall. The other men gather around him to see his new sword, but Sam remains seated at a distance, looking distraught.
Pyp:  Go on, let's have a look.
Jon Snow:  At what?
Grenn:  The sword! Show us the sword.
All:  Sword! Sword! Sword! Sword! Sword! Sword! Sword! Sword! Sword!
Pyp:  Let's have a look.
Grenn:  Piss off.
Pyp:  Come on, l want to have a look at it in the light. Give it here!
Grenn:  Look at its eyes.
While the others are playing with the sword, Jon gets seated beside Sam.
Jon Snow:  What is it?
Jon Snow:  You can't what?
Samwell Tarly:  l'm really not supposed to say.
Jon Snow:  And yet you really want to say. You want to say that…
Samwell Tarly:  There was a raven. l read the message to Maester Aemon. lt's your brother Robb.
Jon Snow:  What? What about him?
Samwell Tarly:  He's heading south. To war. All his bannermen have rallied to his side, they'll keep him safe.
Jon Snow:  l should be there. l should be with him.
--------------------------
Back at the Crossing, Catelyn returns from her conversation with Walder Frey at the Twins, and finds Robb and the others having a meeting in his tent.
Greatjon Umber:  lf we do that, they'll never get back across.
Robb Stark:  Well? What did he say?
Catelyn Stark:  Lord Walder has granted your crossing. His men are yours, as well.
Robb Stark:  Huh.
Catelyn Stark:  Less the 400 he will keep here to hold the crossing against any who would pursue you.
Robb Stark:  What does he want in return?
Catelyn Stark:  You will be taking on his son Olyvar as your personal squire. He expects a knighthood in good time.
Robb Stark:   Fine, fine. And?
Catelyn Stark:  And Arya will marry his son Waldron when they both come of age.
Robb Stark:  She won't be happy about that. And?
Catelyn Stark:  And when the fighting is done you will marry one of his daughters. Whichever you prefer. He has a number he thinks will be suitable.
Robb Stark:  l see. Did you get a look at his daughters?
Catelyn Stark:  l did.
Robb Stark:  And?
Catelyn Stark:  One was – Do you consent?
Robb Stark:  Can l refuse?
Catelyn Stark:  Not if you want to cross.
Robb Stark:  Then l consent.
Robb leaves the meeting right away. Theon laughs while Catelyn watches.
We cut to a shot of Robb’s men on the other side of the river, having already crossed the Green Fork of the Trident and heading south.
--------------
Back at Castle Black. Jon goes to see Maester Aemon, finding him cutting meat to serve to the ravens.
Jon Snow:  Sam said you wanted to see me?
Maester Aemon:  l did indeed. Perhaps you would be kind enough to assist me. Tell me, did you ever wonder why the men of the Night's Watch take no wives and father no children?
Jon Snow:  No.
Maester Aemon:  So they will not love. Love is the death of duty. lf the day should ever come when your lord father was forced to choose between honor on the one hand and those he loves on the other, what would he do?
Jon Snow:  He would do whatever was right, no matter what.
Maester Aemon:  Then Lord Stark is one man in 10,000. Most of us are not so strong. What is honor compared to a woman's love? And what is duty against the feel of a newborn son in your arms? Or a brother's smile?
Jon Snow:  Sam told you.
Maester Aemon:  We're all human. Oh, we all do our duty when there's no cost to it. Honor comes easy then. Yet sooner or later in every man's life there comes a day when it is not easy. A day when he must choose.
Jon Snow:  And this is my day? ls that what you're saying?
Maester Aemon:  Oh, it hurts, boy. Oh, yes. l know.
Jon Snow:  You do not know. No one knows. l may be a bastard, but he is my father and Robb is my brother.
Maester Aemon:  The gods were cruel when they saw fit to test my vows. They waited till l was old. What could l do when the ravens brought the news from the South: the ruin of my House, the death of my family? l was helpless, blind, frail. But when l heard they had killed my brother's son and his poor son and the children! Even the little children.
Jon Snow:  Who are you?
Maester Aemon:  My father was Maekar, the first of his name. My brother Aegon reigned after him when l had refused the throne. And he was followed by his son Aerys whom they called the Mad King.
Jon Snow:  You're Aemon Targaryen.
Maester Aemon:  l'm a maester of the Citadel, bound in service to Castle Black and the Night's Watch. l will not tell you to stay or go. You must make that choice yourself and live with it for the rest of your days. As l have.
------------------------------
Across the Narrow Sea, the Dothraki are on the move. Drogo leads them, but seems to have fainted. Daenerys rides right behind him.
Daenerys Targaryen:  (in Dothraki) My lord… My sun and stars… Drogo.
Drogo falls off his horse.
Khal Drogo:  (in Dothraki) My horse…
Cohollo:  (in Dothraki) Blood of my blood…
Khal Drogo:  (in Dothraki) No, l must ride.
Qotho:  (in Dothraki) He fell from his horse. A Khal who cannot ride is no Khal.
Daenerys Targaryen:  (in Dothraki) He's tired, that's all. He needs to rest. We've ridden far enough today. We'll camp here.
Qotho:  (in Dothraki) This is no place to camp. A woman does not give us orders. Not even a Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen:  (in Dothraki) We'll camp here. Tell them Khal Drogo commanded it.
Qotho:  (in Dothraki) You do not command me, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen:  (in Dothraki) Find Mirri Maz Duur. Bring her to me.
Qotho:  (in Dothraki) The witch? l'll bring you her head, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen:  (in Dothraki) Bring her to me unharmed or Khal Drogo will hear why you denied me.
Qotho:  (in Dothraki) Hyah! Hyah!
---------------------
At the Lannister camp, Tywin is presiding over lunch/war meeting. Tyrion gets there while everyone’s already seated and eating.
Kevan Lannister:  Our scouts tell us the Stark host has moved south from the Twins with Lord Frey's levies in tow. They're a day's march north.
Tywin Lannister:  The boy may lack experience and sense, but he does have a certain mindless provincial courage.
Tyrion Lannister:  Oh, do continue. Didn't mean to interrupt.
Tywin Lannister:  l do hope your savages are going to be of some use, otherwise we've wasted good steel on them.
Kevan Lannister:  The great hairy one insisted he must have two battleaxes. Heavy black steel, double-sided.
Tyrion Lannister:  Shagga likes axes.
Tywin Lannister:  When the battle commences, you and your wildlings will be in the vanguard.
Tyrion Lannister:  The vanguard? Me and the tribesmen on the front lines?
Kevan Lannister:  They do seem rather ferocious.
Tyrion Lannister:  Ferocious? Last night a Moon Brother stabbed a Stone Crow over a sausage. Three Stone Crows seized the Moon Brother and opened his throat. Bronn managed to keep Shagga from chopping off the dead man's cock, which was fortunate, but even still, Ulf is demanding blood money, which Shagga and Gunthor refuse to pay.
Tywin Lannister:  When soldiers lack discipline, the fault lies with their commander.
Tyrion Lannister:  Surely there are ways to have me killed that would be less detrimental to the war effort.
Tywin Lannister:  There'll be no more discussion on the matter.
Tyrion Lannister:  lt appears l'm not hungry after all. Excuse me, my lords.
Back at his tent, Tyrion finds Bronn there with a woman (a prostitute) waiting there too.
Tyrion Lannister:  Where did you find one so pretty at this hour?
Bronn:  l took her.
Tyrion Lannister:  Took her? From whom?
Bronn:  From, uh, Ser What's-his-name? l don't know. Ginger cunt, three tents down.
Tyrion Lannister:  And he didn't have anything to say about it?
Bronn:  He said something.
Tyrion Lannister:  Well, the odds of me living long enough for him to retaliate have just dropped drastically. We'll be at the vanguard tomorrow.
Bronn:  Oh, well. l, uh, think l'll go and find myself one.
Bronn leaves. Tyrion addresses the prostitute.
Tyrion Lannister:  Who are you?
Prostitute:  Who would you like me to be?
Tyrion Lannister:  What did your mother call you?
Prostitute:  Shae. What did your mother call you?
Tyrion Lannister:  My mother died giving birth to me.
Shae:  ls that why l'm here? So we can talk about our mothers?
Tyrion Lannister:  What sort of accent is that?
Shae:  Foreign.
Tyrion Lannister:  For-
Shae:  What do you want from me?
Tyrion Lannister:  What do l want from you? l want you to share my tent. l want you to pour my wine, laugh at my jokes, rub my legs when they're sore after a day's ride. l want you to take no other man to bed for as long as we're together. And l want you to fuck me like it's my last night in this world. Which it may well be.
Shae:  And what do l get?
Shae:  Who told you this? Women you paid?
Shae gets undressed and kisses Tyrion.
Shae:  Let's start with your last night in this world.
------------------------------
Back across the Narrow Sea. Drogo is mumbling incoherently in Dothraki (no subtitles provided) inside a tent, Daenerys by his side.
Jorah Mormont: Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Come. He's very strong. No one understands how strong he is.
Jorah removes an herbal treatment from Drogo’s wound, revealing it has become infected.
Jorah Mormont:  He will die tonight, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen:  He can't. He can't. l won't let him.
Jorah Mormont:  Even a queen doesn't have that power. We must go quickly. l've heard there's a good port in Asshai.
Daenerys Targaryen:  l won't leave him.
Jorah Mormont:  He's already gone, Khaleesi.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Even if he dies, why would l run? l am khaleesi, and my my son will be khal after Drogo.
Jorah Mormont:  This isn't Westeros, where men honor blood. Here they only honor strength. There will be fighting after Drogo dies. Whoever wins that fight will be the new khal. He won't want any rivals. Your boy will be plucked from your breast and given to the dogs.
Daenerys Targaryen:  l won't leave him.
Mirri Maz Duur enters the tent, and bows to Daenerys. Qotho comes to check on Drogo too, with a few other bloodriders at the entrance.
Mirri Maz Duur:  The wound has festered.
Qotho:  (in Dothraki) You did this, witch. (pulls a dagger out of its sheath)
Daenerys Targaryen:  (in Dothraki) Stop it! l don't want her hurt.
Qotho:  (in Dothraki) No? No? You don't want her hurt? Pray we don't hurt you, too. You let this witch put her hands on our Khal.
Jorah Mormont:  (in Dothraki) Rein in your tongue. She is still your Khaleesi.
Qotho:  (in Dothraki) Only while the blood of my blood lives. When he dies, she is nothing.
Daenerys Targaryen:  (in Dothraki) l have never been nothing. l am the blood of the dragon.
Qotho:  (in Dothraki) The dragons are all dead, Khaleesi.
Qotho and the other Dothraki leave.
Daenerys Targaryen:  l think you should wear your armor tonight, ser.
Jorah Mormont:  l think you're right.
Jorah leaves the tent.
Mirri Maz Duur:  You've saved me once more.
Daenerys Targaryen:  And now you must save him.
Mirri Maz Duur:  He's beyond the healer's skills. All l can do is ease his path.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Save him and l will free you. l swear it. You must know a way. Some – some magic.
Mirri Maz Duur:  There is a spell. Some would say death is cleaner.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Do it. Save him.
Mirri Maz Duur:  There is a price.
Daenerys Targaryen:   You'll have gold, whatever you want.
Mirri Maz Duur:  lt's not a matter of gold. This is blood magic. Only death pays for life.
Daenerys Targaryen:  My death?
Mirri Maz Duur:  No, not your death, Khaleesi. Bring me his horse.
Daenerys signals to Irri, who leaves to find the horse. We cut to the horse being taken by a rope into to the tent.
Rakharo:  Khaleesi, do not do this thing. Let me kill this witch.
Daenerys Targaryen:   Kill her and you kill your khal.
Rakharo:  This is blood magic. lt is forbidden.
Daenerys Targaryen:  l am your khaleesi. l tell you what is forbidden.
Mirri Maz Duur starts an incantation
Mirri Maz Duur:  Go. Now.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Take her and leave. Take her!
Mirri Maz Duur:  You must go also, lady. Once l begin to sing, no one must enter the tent. The dead will dance here tonight.
Daenerys caresses Drogo’s forehand as she moves to leave.
Daenerys Targaryen:  No one will enter.
Mirri Maz Duur slits the horse’s throat. Blood spills all over Drogo’s chest and Daenerys’ face.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Bring him back to me.
Daenerys leaves the tent as the horse collapses to the ground, dead. Jorah comes to her.
What have you done?
Daenerys Targaryen:  l have to save him.
We could have been 10 miles away from here by now, on the way to Asshai. You would have been safe.
Qotho:  (in Dothraki) This must not be.
Daenerys Targaryen:  (in Dothraki) This must be.
Qotho:  (in Dothraki) Witch.
Rakharo:  (in Dothraki) Nothing good will come of this.
Rakharo tries to talk to Qotho, but gets sucker punched in the face.
Daenerys Targaryen:  (in Dothraki) No, you can't.
Qotho unsheaths his dagger and moves past Daenerys, pushing her towards the ground. Daenerys hits the ground with her belly.
Irri:  Khaleesi!
Jorah Mormont:  (in Dothraki) No further, horselord.
Daenerys starts moaning in pain, while we hear Mirri Maz Duur’s incantations in the background. Qotho turns around and lunges towards Jorah. The two fight, but Jorah gains the upper hand and kills him with a sword blow to the face.
Jorah Mormont:  Are you hurt?
Daenerys Targaryen: The baby –
Jorah Mormont:  Hmm?
Daenerys Targaryen: … is coming.
Jorah Mormont:  Fetch the midwives.
Rakharo:  They will not come. They say she is cursed.
Jorah Mormont:  They'll come or l'll have their heads.
Jorah moves inside the tent with Daenerys in his arms, as screams and incantations from the inside start getting louder and louder in tone.
-----------------------
At the Lannister camp, Tyrion, Bronn and Shae are drinking together inside Tyrion’s tent at night, before the battle.
Shae:  Are you in agony, my lion?
Tyrion Lannister:  No.
Shae:  You look like you're in agony. The fire is burning your pretty soft skin.
Tyrion Lannister:  Ah! Damn you, woman. Are you immune to pain?
Shae:  Just used to it.
Bronn:   Drink.
Tyrion Lannister:  Let's play a new game.
Bronn:  There's a Braavosi knife game l could teach you.
Tyrion Lannister:  Does it involve the potential for losing fingers?
Bronn:  Not if you win.
Tyrion Lannister:  No! No fire games, no knife games. Let's do something l'm good at.
Shae:  What are you good at?
Tyrion Lannister:  l happen to be a great judge of character.
Bronn:  This sounds like a boring game.
Shae:  l don't want to play this game.
Tyrion Lannister:  Fine. Bronn first. Your father beat you.
Bronn drinks.
Bronn:  But my mother hit harder.
Tyrion Lannister:  You killed your first man before you were 12.
Bronn:  lt was a woman. (Tyrion drinks. Shae looks at Bronn, surprised.) She swung an axe at me.
Tyrion Lannister:  You've been north of the Wall.
Shae:  What brought you up there?
Bronn:  Work.
Tyrion Lannister:  And you once loved a woman many years ago, but it turned out badly so you've never let yourself love again. Oh, wait, that's me. (Tyrion drinks) Your turn, my mysterious foreign beauty.
Shae:  l don't want to play.
Tyrion Lannister:  lt's fun! Look at the fun we're having. Your mother was a whore.
Shae:  Drink.
Tyrion drinks.
Tyrion Lannister:  All right. Your father left the family when you were very young, never to return.
Shae:  Drink.
Tyrion Lannister:  And we've established the rules about lying?
Shae:  Drink!
Tyrion drinks.
Tyrion Lannister:  You wanted a different life. You came from somewhere and you wanted to be elsewhere.
Bronn:  The whole shit-stained world could drink off that one.
Tyrion Lannister:  So, specifics… You wanted to be elsewhere, but how would you get there? l don't believe the life of the Silent Sisters is for you. So, what's a lowborn girl to do?
Shae:  Drink.
Tyrion Lannister:  Are you sure –
Shae:  Drink! And don't talk about my mother and father ever, or l will carve your eyes from your head.
Tyrion Lannister:  My dear lady, if l have offended you, l apologize.
Shae:  My turn.
Tyrion Lannister:  Fine, fine. Ask away. Try to penetrate the enigma that is me.
Shae:  Who were you in love with?
Tyrion Lannister:  That's not how the game works.
Shae:  l don't care the way the game works.
Bronn:  Our lord here used to be married.
Shae:  Married?
Tyrion Lannister:  How did you hear that?
Bronn:  You hear lots of things playing dice with Lannister soldiers.
Tyrion Lannister:  Another night, perhaps.
Shae:  Not another night. This night.
Tyrion Lannister:  lt's not a pleasant story.
Shae:  Oh, maybe l will cry.
Bronn:  l'm guessing the lady and l can tell more unpleasant stories than your lordship.
Tyrion Lannister:  So l was 16. My brother Jaime and l were riding, when we heard a scream. She ran out onto the road, clothes half torn off, with two men on her heels. Jaime scared away the men easily enough, while l wrapped her in my cloak. She was too scared to send off on her own, so while Jaime hunted down the rapers l took her to the nearest inn and fed her. Her name was Tysha. She was a wheelwright's orphan. And she was hungry. Together we finished off three chickens and a flagon of wine. lmpossible as it seems, there was a time when l was unaccustomed to wine. l forgot how afraid l was around girls. how l was always waiting for them to laugh at me or look away embarrassed, or ask me about my tall, handsome brother. l forgot about everything but Tysha. And somehow l found myself in her bed.
Bronn:  For three chickens, l should hope so.
Bronn:  Well, l imagine that was the end of all that.
Bronn:  l would have killed the man who did that to me.
Shae:  You should have known she was a whore.
Tyrion Lannister:  Really? l was 16, drunk and in love.
Shae:  A girl who was almost raped doesn't invite another man into her bed two hours later.
Tyrion Lannister:  As l said, l was young and stupid.
Shae:  You are still young and stupid.
Shae starts kissing Tyrion, causing Bronn to leave the tent. The next day, the Lannisters ride to battle; Bronn returns to Tyrion’s tent to wake him and Shae up.
Tyrion Lannister:  What is it? What do you want?
Bronn:  You're sleeping through the war.
Tyrion Lannister:  What?
Bronn:  They stole a night's march on us. They're a mile north.
Tyrion Lannister:  Get my squire!
Bronn:  You don't have a squire.
Tyrion Lannister:  lf l die, weep for me.
Shae:  You'll be dead. How will you know?
Tyrion Lannister:  l'll know.
Tyrion leaves the tent, fully armoured.
Lannister soldier : Watch out! Move!
Lannister soldier : Out of the way! Move aside!
Bronn:  Stay low.
Tyrion Lannister:  Stay low?
Bronn:  lf you're lucky, no one will notice you.
Tyrion Lannister:  l was born lucky. Tribesmen of the Vale, gather round! Stone Crows! Black Ears! Burned Men! Moon Brothers! And Painted Dogs! Your dominion over the Vale begins now! Onward, to claim what is yours!
Tribesmen of the Vale (chanting): Half man! Half man! Half man! Half man! Half man! Half man!
Tyrion Lannister:  To battle!
Tyrion rides to battle with the rest, but turns around quickly after and is hit with a mace from one of the Tribesmen. He passes out. Later, we cut to the end of the battle – dead bodies and swords piling on the ground. Tyrion wakes up to find Bronn talking to him as he’s carried on a wheelbarrow.
Bronn:  You're a shit warrior.
Tyrion Lannister:  l'm alive?
Bronn:  You're alive.
Tyrion Lannister:  Did we win?
Bronn:  We wouldn't be having this conversation if we didn't.
Tyrion Lannister:  How did our tribesmen do?
Bronn:  Yeah, good.
Tyrion Lannister:  lt's nice to see them getting along.
Tywin shows up next to them, fully armoured and on horseback.
Tywin Lannister:  You're wounded.
Tyrion Lannister:  Good of you to notice. l hear we won.
Tywin Lannister:  Huh! The scouts were wrong. There were 2,000 Stark bannermen, not 20 [thousand].
Tyrion Lannister:  Did we get the Stark boy, at least?
Tywin Lannister:  He wasn't here.
Tyrion Lannister:  Where was he?
Tywin Lannister:  With his other 18,000 men.
Tyrion Lannister:  And where are they?
--------------
We cut to Catelyn and Rodrik Cassel overlooking the Trident from a safe distance at higher ground.
Rodrik Cassel:  We should go, my lady.
Catelyn Stark:  No!
Rodrik Cassel:  My lady!
Stark bannermen:  Hyah! Hyah!
The Stark host arrives at the clearing. Robb is amongst them, and he comes carrying a tied and bound Jaime Lannister.
Robb Stark:  By the time they knew what was happening, it had already happened.
Jaime Lannister:  Lady Stark. l'd offer you my sword, but l seem to have lost it.
Catelyn Stark:  lt is not your sword l want. Give me my daughters back. Give me my husband.
Jaime Lannister:  l've lost them too, l'm afraid.
Theon Greyjoy:  Kill him, Robb. Send his head to his father. He cut down ten of our men. You saw him.
Robb Stark:  He's more use to us alive than dead.
Catelyn Stark:  Take him away and put him in irons.
Robb Stark:  lf we do it your way, Kingslayer, you'd win. We're not doing it your way.
Greatjon Umber:  Come on, pretty man.
Robb Stark:  l sent 2,000 men to their graves today.
Theon Greyjoy:  The bards will sing songs of their sacrifice.
Robb Stark:  Aye. But the dead won't hear them. (making a speech to his bannermen) One victory does not make us conquerors. Did we free my father? Did we rescue my sisters from the queen? Did we free the North from those who want us on our knees? This war is far from over.
-----------------------
At King’s Landing, Arya is chasing down pigeons on the street while staying hidden from the Kingsguard. She catches one and snaps its neck. Soon afterwards, she sees a baker’s stall with pastries on display.
Arya Stark:  Could l have one? A lemon one or any of them.
King’s Landing Baker:  Three coppers.
Arya Stark:  How about a nice fat pigeon?
King’s Landing Baker:  Oh, piss off now. Go on.
Arya Stark:  Do you have any stale ones from yesterday? Or any burnt ones?
King’s Landing Baker:  Piss off!
Everyone starts walking up the street, leaving Arya confused. Two street urchins run past her up the stairs.
Arya Stark:  Hey, where's everyone going? What's happening?
Street Urchin:  They're taking him to the Sept of Baelor.
Arya Stark:  Who?
Street Urchin:  The Hand of the King.
Arya follows the crowd to the Sept of Baelor. She climbs up the pedestal of Baelor’s statue to get a better view of her surroundings. We cut to Ned Stark being taken from the sept and into the courtyard, in full view of the gathered populace; Baelor’s statue is seen on the background to his left. Ned catches Arya’s eye at the foot of the statue.
Populace:  Traitor! Coward!
Ned is taken across the populace and runs into Yoren of the Night’s Watch.
Eddark Stark:  Baelor!
Yoren looks towards the statue knowingly.
Populace:  Traitor! Traitor!
Ned is taken to a raised platform where Sansa, Cersei, Joffrey, Littlefinger are standing. Sansa smiles warmly at her father as he addresses the crowd.
Eddark Stark:  I am Eddard Stark, Lord of Winterfell and Hand of the King. I come before you to confess my treason in the sight of Gods and men. I betrayed the faith of my King and the trust of my friend Robert. I swore to protect and defend his children, but before his blood was cold I plotted to murder his son and seize the Throne for myself. Let the High Septon and Baelor the Blessed bear witness to what I say: Joffrey Baratheon is the one true heir to the Iron Throne, by the grace of all the Gods, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.
Grand Maester Pycelle:  As we sin, so do we suffer. This man has confessed his crimes in sight of Gods and men. The Gods are just but beloved Baelor taught us they can also be merciful. What is to be done with this traitor, Your Grace?
Joffrey Baratheon:  My mother wishes me to let Lord Eddard join The Night's Watch. Stripped of all titles and powers, he would serve the realm in permanent exile. And My Lady Sansa has begged mercy for her father. But they have the soft hearts of women. So long as I am your King, treason shall never go unpunished. Ser Ilyn, bring me his head!
The townsfolk roar with approval; Arya leaves the pedestal and runs towards the commotion. Sansa gets visibly distraught and starts yelling as a member of the Kingsguard holds her back.
Sansa Stark:  No, stop! Please, someone stop him!
Cersei Baratheon: My son, this is madness.
Populace: Put him down!
Varys runs to the platform to talk to Cersei and Joffrey, Ilyn Payne puts on his executioner’s mask. Arya marches towards the courtyard but is grabbed by the arm by Yoren.
Yoren: Don't look!
Arya Stark:  Let me go.
Yoren:  Shut your mouth. Look at me.
Sansa Stark:  Stop him, stop!
From Ned’s perspective, the roars of the crowd become almost silent; he looks towards Baelor’s statue but finds no one there. He lowers his head in recognition of his fate as the sound of Payne’s longsword cuts through the hushed silence. We see the sword swing until it reaches his head, with a direct cut to Arya as Yoren prevents her from seeing the actual execution. Arya looks at the sky; a flock of pigeons flies away from the courtyard as she holds her head against Yoren’s chest; she sighs heavily, and the screen cuts to black.
We begin where “Baelor” left off; after the execution of Ned Stark, we see Ilyn Payne’s bloodied sword and the Hound picking up Ned’s head to show it to the rapturous townsfolk. We then pan to Arya, her eyes closed and her face pressed against Yoren’s chest.
Yoren:  Look at me. Look at me! Do you remember me now, boy, eh? Remember me? There's a bright boy. You'll be coming with me, boy, and you'll be keeping your mouth shut.
Yoren takes Arya with him away from the mob and into a flight of stairs; on the courtyard, Sansa faints.
Yoren:  Keep your mouth shut, boy. (takes out a knife)
Arya Stark:  l'm not a boy!
Yoren:  You're not a smart boy, is that what you're trying to say? Do you want to live, boy?! (starts cutting Arya’s hair as the screams and shouts from the crowd are heard above) North, boy, we're going north.
------------------------------------------
At Winterfell, Bran has a dream in which he can walk and sees a three-eyed raven. He then talks about this dream with Osha.
Bran Stark:  lt had three eyes. lt told me to come with him, so l did. We went down into the crypts and my father was there.
Osha:  Your father's not down there, little lord. Not for many years yet.
Bran Stark:  You're afraid. Just like Hodor.
Osha:  l'm not afraid of some hole in the ground.
Bran Stark:  You've lived beyond the Wall. What are you scared of? l'm a crippled boy and l'm willing to go.
Osha takes Bran to the crypts. She carries him with her arms while he lights the way with a torch.
Bran Stark:  That's my grandfather, Lord Rickard. He was burned alive by the Mad King, Aerys. That's Lyanna, my father's sister. King Robert was supposed to marry her, but Rhaegar Targaryen kidnapped her. Robert started a war to win her back. He killed Rhaegar, but she died anyway. That's where l saw Father.
Osha:  You see? He's not here.
A loud roar is heard and a shadow moves in front of them. A direwolf runs towards them; Osha falls to the ground with him. We see Shaggydog barking at them viciously.
Rickon Stark:  Here, Shaggydog.
Bran Stark:  Rickon!
Osha:  That beast is supposed to be chained in the kennels!
Rickon Stark:  He doesn't like chains.
Bran Stark:  What are you doing down here? Come back up with us.
Rickon Stark:  No, l came to see Father.
Bran Stark:  How many times have l told you? He's in King's Landing with Sansa and Arya.
Rickon Stark:  He was down here. l saw him.
Bran Stark:  Saw him when?
Rickon Stark:  Last night, when l was sleeping. Here, Shaggydog.
Rickon leaves with Shaggydog, while Osha looks puzzled at Bran. We cut to a shot of her carrying him outside.
Osha:  You both miss him. lt's only natural he should be in your thoughts and dreams, but that doesn't mean that –
Maester Luwin:  Bran…
--------------------------------------
Catelyn Stark walks alone through the Stark camp. Several bannermen bow to her respectfully as she passes.
Several Stark Bannermen:  My lady. My lady. My lady.
She reaches a small forest outside camp and collapses in grief by one of the trees, crying and sobbing. She hears some screams and the sound of a sword slashing wood nearby. As she gets closer, she realizes it’s Robb, fully armoured, slashing his sword against a tree while crying.
Catelyn Stark:  Robb. Robb! You've ruined your sword.
Robb drops his sword to the ground and goes to Catelyn. She hugs him and caresses his neck, trying to console him.
Catelyn Stark:  Shh! Shh! Shh!
Robb Stark:  l'll kill them all. Every one of them. l will kill them all.
Catelyn Stark:  My boy. They have your sisters. We have to get the girls back. And then we will kill them all.
-------------------------------------
At the Throne Room on the Red Keep, Marillion the bard is singing a song for Joffrey and his retinue. Cercei stands by his side, while Sansa overlooks the scene from one of the colonnades.
Marillion:  (singing)
The boar's great tusks, they boded ill
For good King Robert's health
And the beast was every bit as fat
As Robert was himself
But our brave king cried,
"Do your worst!
l'll have your ugly head!
You're nowhere near as murd'rous as
the lion in my bed"
King Robert lost his battle and
He failed his final test,
The lion ripped his balls off,
And the boar did all the rest.
Joffrey Baratheon:  Very amusing. lsn't it a funny song? Thank you for your rendition. l imagine it was even better received at that tavern.
Marillion:  l'm so sorry, Your Grace. l'll never sing it again, l swear.
Marillion:  Your Grace?
Sansa looks at Joffrey, despondent.
Joffrey Baratheon:  Fingers or your tongue? lf you got to keep one, which would it be? Or l could just cut your throat.
Marillion:  Every man needs hands, Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon:  Good. Tongue it is.
Marillion:  Your Grace, please. l won't sing, Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon:  Ser llyn, who better than you to carry out the sentence?
Marillion:  l beg you! Please, no. No!
Ilyn Payne marches towards the fire to heat up his dagger.
Marillion:  Your Grace, please. l beg you, l will never sing again! (screaming) No!
Joffrey Baratheon:  l'm done for the day. l'll leave the rest of the matters to you, Mother.
Marillion:  (screaming) Your Grace, please!
As Joffrey leaves with Meryn Trant and the Hound, he passes by Sansa. Marillion is still screaming and begging in the background.
Joffrey Baratheon:  You look quite nice.
Sansa Stark:  Thank you, my lord.
Joffrey Baratheon:  Your Grace. l'm King now.
Marillion:  (screaming) Stop! No!
Joffrey Baratheon:  Walk with me. l want to show you something.
Sandor Clegane:  Do as you're bid, child.
Joffrey and Sansa are outside, walking past across a row of spears in the Red Keep. Trant and Clegane follow behind them.
Joffrey Baratheon:  And as soon as you've had your blood, l'll put a son in you. Mother says that shouldn't be long.
The pikes have impaled heads on them. Sansa looks away.
Sansa Stark:  No! Please, no!
Joffrey Baratheon:  (pointing at one of the heads) This one's your father. This one here. Look at it and see what happens to traitors.
Sansa Stark:  You promised to be merciful.
Joffrey Baratheon:  l was. l gave him a clean death. Look at him.
Sansa Stark:  Please let me go home. l won't do any treason, l swear –
Joffrey Baratheon:  Mother says l'm still to marry you. So you'll stay here, and obey. Look at him!
Sansa looks up at the head of her father.
Joffrey Baratheon:  Well?
Sansa Stark:  How long do l have to look?
Joffrey Baratheon:  As long as it pleases me. Do you want to see the rest?
Sansa Stark:  lf it please Your Grace.
Joffrey Baratheon:  That's your Septa there. (shot of the impaled head of a woman with the traditional Septa headscarf) l'll tell you what, l'm going to give you a present. After l raise my armies and kill your traitor brother, l'm going to give you his head as well.
Sansa Stark:  Or maybe he'll give me yours. (looks defiantly at Joffrey, who cowers)
Joffrey Baratheon:  My mother tells me a king should never strike his lady. Ser Meryn.Ser Meryn strikes Sansa repeatedly with the back of his (armoured) hand, leaving her lip bloodied. Sansa notices the stone bridge Joffrey is on leads to a street some feet below. She moves forward to lunge him from the edge, but she’s stopped by the Hound.
Sandor Clegane:  Here, girl. (cleans her bloody lip with a rag)
Joffrey Baratheon:  Will you obey now? Or do you need another lesson? l'll look for you in court.
Sandor Clegane:  Save yourself some pain, girl. Give him what he wants.
Sansa tries to give him is handkerchief back.
Sandor Clegane:  You'll be needing that again.
Sandor leaves, leaving Sansa alone at the bridge. She looks at the heads atop the pikes and cries.
--------------------------------------------------------
War meeting at the Stark camp. They sit at the table at night by torchlight.
Robb Stark:  Renly is not the king.
Jonos Bracken:  You cannot mean to hold to Joffrey, my lord. He put your father to death.
Robb Stark:  That doesn't make Renly king. He's Robert's youngest brother. lf Bran can't be Lord of Winterfell before me, Renly can't be king before Stannis.
Jonos Bracken:  Do you mean to declare us for Stannis?
Galbart Glover:  Renly is not right! lf we put ourselves behind Stannis…
Rickard Karstark:  l'll have peace on those terms. They can keep their Red Castle and their iron chair too. (bows to Robb and extends him his sword) The King in the North!
Theon Greyjoy:  Am l your brother, now and always?
Robb Stark:  Now and always.
Theon Greyjoy:  (takes out his sword, bows to Robb) My sword is yours in victory and defeat, from this day until my last day.
Greatjon Umber:  The King in the North!
All:  (chanting)  The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North!
They all take out their swords and swear fealty to Robb as Catelyn looks wearily at the whole scene.
All:  (chanting)  The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North!
Catelyn goes to the outskirts of their camp, to the dungeons where prisoners are being kept.
Stark Guard:  Lady Stark.
Catelyn Stark:  l want to see him. Now! Leave us.
They walk for a while until they reach a single prisoner (Jaime), kept away far from the rest.
Catelyn Stark:  Leave us. (the guards leave)
Jaime Lannister:  You look lovely tonight, Lady Stark. Widowhood becomes you. (Catelyn grabs a large rock from the ground)  Your bed must be lonely. ls that why you came? l'm not at my best, but l think l could be of service. You slip out of that gown and we'll see if l'm up to it. (She marches towards him and hits the rock against his forehead)   Oh, l do like a violent woman.
Catelyn Stark:  l will kill you tonight, Ser. Pack your head in a box and send it to your sister.
Jaime Lannister:  Let me show you how. Hit me again, over the ear. And again and again. You're stronger than you look, it shouldn't take long.
Catelyn Stark:  That is what you want the world to believe, isn't it? That you don't fear death.
Jaime Lannister:  But l don't, my lady. The dark is coming for all of us. Why cry about it?
Catelyn Stark:  Because you are going to the deepest of the seven hells, if the gods are just.
Jaime Lannister:  What gods are those? The trees your husband prayed to? Where were the trees when his head was getting chopped off? lf your gods are real and if they are just why is the world so full of injustice?
Catelyn Stark:  Because of men like you.
Jaime Lannister:  There are no men like me. Only me.
Catelyn Stark:  My son Bran. How did he come to fall from that tower?
Jaime Lannister:  l pushed him out the window.
Catelyn Stark:  Why?
Jaime Lannister:  I hoped the fall would kill him.
Catelyn Stark:  Why?
Jaime Lannister:  You should get some sleep. lt's going to be a long war. (Catelyn drops the rock and goes away)
-----------------------------------------
Cersei and Lancel are having one of their rendezvous on her bedchamber. Cersei is reading a message while Lancel speaks, naked.
Lancel Lannister:  l can't believe we're actually at war. Was it this exciting last time, when you were young? What does it say? Have we captured Robb Stark yet? What's our next move?
Cersei Lannister:  Stop talking. Get back into bed.
-----------------------------------------
Back in the Riverlands, we sit with the Lannister war meeting. Tywin, Tyrion and Kevan are in assistance.
Tywin Lannister:  They have my son.
Tyrion Lannister:  The Stark boy appears to be less green than we'd hoped.
Leo Lefford:  l've heard his wolf killed a dozen men and as many horses.
Addam Marbrand:  ls it true about Stannis and Renly?
Kevan Lannister:  Both Baratheon brothers have taken up against us. Jaime captured, his armies scattered. lt's a catastrophe. Perhaps we should sue for peace.
Tyrion Lannister:  There's your peace. Joffrey saw to that when he decided to remove Ned Stark's head. You'll have an easier time drinking from that cup than you will bringing Robb Stark to the table now. He's winning – in case you hadn't noticed.
Kevan Lannister:  l'm told we still have his sisters.
Leo Lefford:  The first order of business is ransoming Ser Jaime.
Addam Marbrand: Kevan Lannister:  First we must return to Casterly Rock to raise –
Tywin Lannister:  (shouting)  They have my son! Get out, all of you. (to Tyrion) Not you. You were right about Eddard Stark. lf he were alive, we could have used him to broker a peace with Winterfell and Riverrun, which would have given us more time to deal with Robert's brothers. But now – madness. Madness and stupidity. l always thought you were a stunted fool. Perhaps l was wrong. 
Tyrion Lannister:  Half wrong. l'm new to strategy, but unless we want to be surrounded by three armies, it appears we can't stay here.
Tywin Lannister:  No one will stay here. Ser Gregor will head out with 500 riders and set the Riverland on fire from God's Eye to the Red Fork. The rest of us will regroup at Harrenhal. And you will go to King's Landing.
Tyrion Lannister:  And do what?
Tywin Lannister:  Rule. You will serve as Hand of the King in my stead. You will bring that boy king to heel, and his mother too, if needs be. And if you get so much as a whiff of treason from any of the rest – Baelish, Varys, Pycelle…
Tyrion Lannister:  Heads, spikes, walls. Why not my uncle? Why not anyone? Why me?
Tywin Lannister:  You're my son. Oh, one more thing. You will not take that whore to court. Do you understand?
-------------------------------------------
Across the Narrow Sea, Daenerys is sleeping inside a yurt. Jorah is sitting beside her when she wakes up.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Ser Jorah?
Jorah Mormont:  Gently, gently.
Daenerys Targaryen:  My son – where is he? l want him. Where is he?
Jorah Mormont:  The boy did not live.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Tell me.
Jorah Mormont:  What is there to tell?
Daenerys Targaryen:  How did my son die?
Jorah Mormont:  He never lived, my princess. The women say –
Daenerys Targaryen:  What do the women say?
Jorah Mormont:  They say the child was –
Mirri Maz Duur:  (entering the tent) Monstrous, twisted. l pulled him out myself. He was scaled like a lizard, blind, with leather wings like the wings of a bat. When l touched him the skin fell from his bones. Inside he was full of graveworms. l warned you that only death can pay for life. You knew the price.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Where is Khal Drogo? Show him to me. Show me what l bought with my son's life.
Mirri Maz Duur:  As you command, lady. Come. l will take you to him.
Jorah Mormont:  Time enough for that later –
Daenerys Targaryen:  l want to see him now.
They leave the tent/yurt, following Mirri Maz Duur to the place where Drogo is lying.
Daenerys Targaryen:  The khalasar is gone.
Jorah Mormont:  A khal who cannot ride is no khal. The Dothraki follow only the strong. l'm sorry, my Princess.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Drogo! (in Dothraki) My sun and stars. (in the Common Tongue, to the rest) Why is he out here alone?
Jorah Mormont:  He seems to like the warmth, Princess.
Mirri Maz Duur:  He lives. You asked for life, you paid for life.
Daenerys Targaryen:  (looking at Drogo’s catatonic expression) This is not life. When will he be as he was?
Mirri Maz Duur:  When the sun rises in the west, sets in the east. When the seas go dry. When the mountains blow in the wind like leaves.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Leave us.
Jorah Mormont:  l don't want you alone with this sorceress.
Daenerys Targaryen:  l have nothing more to fear from this woman. Go.
Daenerys and Mirri Maz Duur have a conversation alone.
Daenerys Targaryen:  You knew what l was buying and you knew the price.
Mirri Maz Duur:  lt was wrong of them to burn my temple. lt angered the Great Shepherd.
Daenerys Targaryen:  This is not God's work. My child was innocent.
Mirri Maz Duur:  lnnocent? He would have been The Stallion Who Mounts The World. Now he will burn no cities. Now his khalasar will trample no nations into dust.
Daenerys Targaryen:  l spoke for you. l saved you.
Mirri Maz Duur:  Saved me? Three of those riders had already raped me before you saved me, girl. l saw my god's house burn, there where l had healed men and women beyond counting. ln the streets l saw piles of heads, the head of the baker who makes my bread, the head of a young boy that l had cured of fever just three moons past. So tell me again exactly what it was that you saved?
Daenerys Targaryen:  Your life.
Mirri Maz Duur:  Why don't you take a look at your khal. Then you will see exactly what life is worth when all the rest has gone.
------------------------------
At Castle Black, Jon is preparing to leave in the night and desert the Night’s Watch; Sam is there to try to talk him out of it.
Samwell Tarly:  You can't!
Jon Snow:  Get out of my way, Sam.
Samwell Tarly:  They'll put out the word. They'll send out ravens. People will come after you. Do you know what happens to deserters?
Jon Snow:  Better than you do.
Samwell Tarly:  What are you going to do?
Jon Snow:  l'm gonna find my brother and put a sword through King Joffrey's throat. (gets on horseback)
Samwell Tarly:  You can't leave us now. We need you here.
Jon Snow:  Move.
Samwell Tarly:  l won't let you go.
Jon Snow:  Move.
Samwell Tarly:  No.
Jon Snow:  Hyah!
Jon rides his horse away from Castle Black, his horse kicking Sam to the ground as he was standing in the way. Ghost follows him out.
---------------------------------
In the Lannister camp in the Riverlands, Tyrion and Shae are talking inside his tent about his recent appointment.
Shae:  Hand of the King?
Tyrion Lannister:  So it would seem.
Shae:  And your father said you couldn't take anyone with you to King's Landing?
Tyrion Lannister:  No, he said l couldn't take  you with me to King's Landing. He was very specific on that point.
Shae:  He knew my name?
Tyrion Lannister:  What?
Shae:  He said, "Don't bring Shae with you to King's Landing"?
Tyrion Lannister:  l believe he used the word "whore".
Shae:  Are you ashamed of me? Are you afraid that l'm dancing around the court with my tits out?
Tyrion laughs.
Shae:  I’m funny now? l'm Shae, the funny whore.
Tyrion Lannister:  My father's probably the most powerful man in the country. Certainly the richest. He has all Seven Kingdoms in his pockets. Everyone everywhere always has to do exactly what my father says. He's always been a cunt. l believe the ladies of the court could learn a great deal from a girl like you. Why don't you come with me, be the Hand's lady? Because the King needs a Hand and the Hand – (Shae kisses Tyrion)
Shae:  l know what a Hand needs.
------------------------------------
Jon and Ghost are being chased by his fellow Night’s Watch brothers through a forest not long after he left.
Jon Snow:  Ghost?
Sam, Pyp, and Grenn:  Hyah! Hyah! Hyah! Hyah!
During the chase, Sam hits his head on a tree branch and falls off his horse. The others and later Jon stop to assist him.
Grenn:  Samwell!
Pyp:  ls he dead?
Grenn:  No, he's not dead.
Samwell Tarly:  Did we get him?
Grenn:  Come on, help me get him up.
Pyp:  Lucky you've got plenty of padding. (to Jon)  We're taking you back to where you belong.
Jon Snow:  l belong with my brother.
Samwell Tarly:   But we're your brothers now.
Grenn:  They'll kill you if they find out you've gone.
Jon Snow:  They'll kill you if they know you came after me. Go back.
Pyp:  Sam told us everything. We're sorry about your father.
Grenn:  But it doesn't matter. You took the oath. You can't leave.
Jon Snow:  l have to.
Grenn:  You can't. You said the words.
Jon Snow:  I don't care about –
Samwell Tarly:  "Hear my words and bear witness to my vow"
Jon Snow:  To hell with all of you.
Pyp:  "Night gathers and now my watch begins. lt shall not end until my death. l shall live and die at my post.
Grenn:  "l am the sword in the darkness – "
Sam, Pyp, and Grenn:  (in unison, reciting the vow) "l am the sword in the darkness, the watcher on the walls, the shield that guards the realms of men. l pledge my life and honor to the Night's Watch, for this night and all nights to come.”
Sam brings Longclaw to Jon, who accepts it.
------------------------------------------
Across the Narrow Sea, Daenerys is tending to Drogo and his wounds inside a yurt.
Daenerys Targaryen:  (in Dothraki) Do you remember our first ride, my sun and stars? lf you are in there, if you haven't gone away, show me. You're a fighter. You've always been a fighter. l need you to fight now. l know you're very far away, but come back to me, my sun and stars.
We cut to Daenerys standing with her head pressing against Drogo’s chest, now visibly more distressed.
Daenerys Targaryen:  (crying)  When the sun rises in the west and sets in the east. Then you shall return to me, my sun and stars.
Daenerys kisses Drogo, then uses a pillow to smother him.
------------------------------------------
In King’s Landing, Pycelle is having a conversation with someone (unseen at first) in his bedchambers.
Ros gets dressed while Pycelle keeps talking.
Grand Maester Pycelle:   He is a capable young man. Strong military mind. Stern. But sternness in defense of the realm is no vice. lt's far too soon to know what manner of king he will be, but l sense true greatness on the horizon for our new King. Mmm. True greatness.
Ros is listening, but seems really bored by the whole thing.
Ros:  So what's the thing?
Grand Maester Pycelle:  What thing?
Ros:  About kings. You said, "The thing you need to understand about kings".
Grand Maester Pycelle:  What? Things? What?
Ros:  When you started, you… Never mind.
Grand Maester Pycelle:  Let me see you out, my dear.
Ros:  lt's all right. No need.
Grand Maester Pycelle:  Yes, yes. Till the next time. (Pycelle gets off the bed and stretches his limbs with ease, belying his old age and general sickly demeanor) Right.
He gets dressed in his robes and looks at himself in the mirror with pride. Before he leaves his chambers, he moves from an upright position to the hunchback he’s always seen with in public. He’s faking it.
In the Throne Room, Littlefinger and Varys have a chat overlooking the Iron Throne.
Varys:  When you imagine yourself up there, how do you look? Does the crown fit? Do all the lords and ladies simper and bow, the ones who sneered at you for years?
Petyr Baelish:  lt's hard for them to simper and bow without heads.
Varys:  A man with great ambition and no morals… l wouldn't bet against you.
Petyr Baelish:  And what would you do, my friend, if you found yourself sitting up there?
Varys:  l must be one of the few men in this city who doesn't want to be King.
Petyr Baelish:  You must be one of the few men in the city who isn't a man.
Varys:  Oh, you can do better than that.
Petyr Baelish:  When they castrated you, did they take the pillar with the stones? l've always wondered.
Varys:  Have you? Do you spend a lot of time wondering what's between my legs?
Petyr Baelish:  l picture a gash. Like a woman's. ls that about right?
Varys:  l am flattered, of course, to be pictured at all.
Petyr Baelish:  Must be strange for you, even after all these years… a man from another land, despised by most, feared by all.
Varys:  Am l? That is good to know. Do you lie awake at night fearing my gash?
Petyr Baelish:  But you carry on whispering in one king's ear and then the next. l admire you.
Varys:  And l admire you, Lord Baelish. A grasper from a minor House with a major talent for befriending powerful men – and women.
Petyr Baelish:  A useful talent, l'm sure you'd agree.
Varys:  So here we stand in mutual admiration and respect.
Petyr Baelish:  Playing our roles.
Varys:  (Joffrey arrives, Varys bows)  Serving a new King.
Petyr Baelish:  Long may he reign. My king. (bows)
Varys:  My king.
Joffrey Baratheon:  My lords. Shall we begin?
Elsewhere in King’s Landing, Yoren is taking Arya to safety, away from the city.
Yoren:  You're Arry now, hear me? Arry the orphan boy. No one asks an orphan too many questions, ‘cause nobody gives three shits. What's your name?
Arya Stark:  Arry.
Yoren:  You've a long way to travel, and in bad company. l've 20 this time –  men and boys all bound for the Wall. Your lord father gave me the pick of the dungeons, and l didn't find no little lordlings down there. This lot – half of them would turn you over to the King quick as spit for a pardon. And the other half would do the same, except they'd rape you first. So keep to yourself – and when you piss, do it in the woods alone. You stay with this lot, boy. And stay or l'll lock you in the back of the wagon with these three.
Arya bumps into a fat recruit, Hot Pie.
Hot Pie:  Watch yourself, midget.
Lommy Greenhands:  He's got a sword, this one.
Hot Pie:  What's a gutter rat like you doing with a sword?
Lommy Greenhands:  Maybe he's a little squire.
Hot Pie:  He ain't no squire. Look at him. He looks like a girl. l bet he stole that sword.
Lommy Greenhands:  Let's have a look. (wrestles Arya to the ground)
Hot Pie:  l could use me a sword like that.
Lommy Greenhands:  Take it off him.
Hot Pie:  Give it here, midget.
Lommy Greenhands:  Look at him! You'd better give Hot Pie the sword. l've seen him kick a boy to death.
Hot Pie:  l knocked him down and l kicked him in the balls and l kept kicking him until he was dead. l kicked him all to pieces. You better give me that sword!
Arya Stark:  (pointing Needle at Hot Pie) You want it? l'll give it to you. l already killed one fat boy. l bet you never killed anyone. l bet you're a liar. But l'm not. l'm good at killing fat boys. l like killing fat boys.
Hot Pie bumps into Gendry, Robert’s bastard.
Gendry:  Your like picking on the little ones, do you? l've been hammering an anvil these past 10 years. When l hit that steel, it sings. Are you gonna sing when l hit you? (Hot Pie leaves, scared. Gendry talks to Arya alone) This is castle-forged steel. Where'd you steal it?
Arya Stark:  lt was a gift.
Gendry:  lt don't matter now. Where we're going, they don't care what you've done. They've got rapers, pickpockets, highwaymen, murderers.
Arya Stark:  Which are you?
Gendry:  Armourer's apprentice. But my master got sick of me, so here l am.
Yoren:  (shouting) Come on, you sorry sons of whores! lt's a thousand leagues from here to the Wall, and winter is coming!
The caravan of the Night’s Watch leaves the walls of King’s Landing.
-------------------------------------
Back at Castle Black, Jon is serving Commander Mormont his breakfast.
Jeor Mormont:  Ham. How many days in a row must a man be expected to start his day with ham? Bring me some beer at least. You look exhausted. Was your moonlight ride that tiring?
(Jon looks at the Lord Commander with surprise) Don't look so terrified. lf we beheaded everyone that ran away for the night, only ghosts would guard the Wall. At least you weren't whoring in Mole's Town. Honor made you leave, honor brought you back.
Jon Snow:  My friends brought me back.
Jeor Mormont:  l didn't say it was your honor.
Jon Snow:  They killed my father.
Jeor Mormont:  And you're gonna bring him back to life, are you? No? Good. We've had enough of that sort of thing. Beyond the Wall, the Rangers are reporting whole villages abandoned. At night they see fires blazing in the mountains from dusk until dawn. A captured wildling swears their tribes are uniting in some secret stronghold, to what ends the gods only know. Outside Eastwatch Cotter Pyke's men discovered four blue-eyed corpses. Unlike us, they were wise enough to burn them. Do you think your brother's war is more important than ours?
Jon Snow:  No.
Jeor Mormont:  When dead men and worse come hunting for us in the night, do you think it matters who sits on the lron Throne?
Jon Snow:  No.
Jeor Mormont:  Good. Because l want you and your wolf with us when we ride out beyond the Wall tomorrow.
Jon Snow:  Beyond the Wall?
Jeor Mormont:  l'll not sit meekly by and wait for the snows. l mean to find out what's happening. The Night's Watch will ride in force against the wildlings, the White Walkers and whatever else is out there. And we will find Benjen Stark, alive or dead. l will command them myself. So l'll only ask you once, Lord Snow, are you a brother of the Night's Watch or a bastard boy who wants to play at war?
The Men of the Night’s Watch gather their forces at leave to range Beyond the Wall. Lord Commander Mormont leads them, with Jon amongst his brothers.
-------------------------------------------------
Across the Narrow Sea, Daenerys is leading a ceremony for Drogo after his death.
Rakharo:  (picking up the dragon eggs from their chest, speaking in Dothraki) ls this your command, Khaleesi? (Daenerys nods, Rakharo places the eggs next to Drogo’s funeral pyre)
Jorah Mormont:  Drogo will have no use for dragon eggs in the Night Lands. Sell them. You can return to the Free Cities and live as a wealthy woman for all your days.
Daenerys Targaryen:  They were not given to me to sell.
Jorah Mormont:  Khaleesi, my Queen, l vow to serve you, obey you, to die for you if need be, but let him go, Khaleesi. l know what you intend. Do not.
Daenerys Targaryen:  l must. You don't understand.
Jorah Mormont:  Don't ask me to stand aside as you climb on that pyre. l won't watch you burn.
Daenerys Targaryen:  ls that what you fear? (kisses Jorah on the cheek, then speaks to the rest of the Dothraki and Lhazareen who stayed with her)  You will be my khalasar. l see the faces of slaves. l free you. Take off your collars. Go if you wish, no one will stop you. But if you stay it will be as brothers and sisters, as husbands and wives.
Mirri Maz Duur is shown tied and bound by rope.
Daenerys Targaryen:  Ser Jorah, bind this woman to the pyre. You swore to obey me.
(to the crowd)  l am Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen of the blood of old Valyria. I am the Dragon’s daughter. And I swear to you that those who would harm you will die screaming.
Mirri Maz Duur:  You will not hear me scream.
Daenerys Targaryen:  I will. But it is not your screams I want. Only your life.
Daenerys walks towards the pyre and lights it on fire with a torch. Mirri Maz Duur starts uttering some incantations which quickly turn into screaming. Daenerys walks into the burning pyre as her dress catches fire. The flames engulf everything, and the screen fades to black.
We then cut to the next day in the morning. Jorah goes to the pyre to see if there’s anything left of it. Amidst the smoke, a naked Daenerys appears, covered in soot and carrying three baby dragons in her arms and back.
Jorah Mormont:  (bowing)  Blood of my blood.
Everyone else bows to her as her dragons start screeching. We cut to black over a final screech from one her dragons.
TITLE SEQUENCEEXT. KING’S LANDING
The Hound and another man grunt as they duel. Men and women look on from nearby. The Hound knocks the other man’s shield away, and knocks the man off of a wall. The camera pans up from the man to where Joffrey stands in a tent, watching.
JOFFREY: (Quietly) Well struck… (Louder) Well struck, Dog.
The Hound removes his helmet. Joffrey turns to Sansa.
JOFFREY: Did you like that?
SANSA: It was well struck, Your Grace.
JOFFREY: I already said it was well struck.
SANSA: Yes, Your Grace.
Two men drag the man away, leaving behind a trail of blood. A boy walks over to clean up the blood.
JOFFREY: Who's next?
ANNOUNCER: Lothor Brune, freerider in the service of Lord Baelish.
The announcer gestures to a man, who then walks over.
ANNOUNCER: Ser Dontos the Red of House Hollard.
The announcer gestures in the opposite direction, but no one comes forward.
ANNOUNCER: (Yells) Ser Dontos the Red of House Hollard!
SER DONTOS: Here I am. (Walking down some stairs, awkwardly clutching his helmet and weapon).  Here I am. (Drops his helmet). Sorry, Your Grace. (Puts his helmet on backwards). My deepest apologies. (Puts his helmet on correctly).
JOFFREY: Are you drunk?
Ser Dontos takes off his helmet.
JOFFREY: Two cups? (Dontos nods). That's not much at all. (Joffrey gestures to some wine). Please, have another cup.
SER DONTOS: Are you sure, Your Grace?
JOFFREY: Yes, to celebrate my name day. (Smiles) Have two, have as much as you like.
SER DONTOS: I would be honored, Your Grace.
Ser Dontos bows to Joffrey. Joffrey looks over to Ser Meryn.
JOFFREY: Ser Meryn, help Ser Dontos celebrate my name day. See that he drinks his fill.
Ser Meryn and two other kingsguard grab Ser Dontos. They bring him into a more open area nearby. Ser Dontos is forced on his knees. One kingsguard keeps Ser Dontos down. Ser Meryn and the other kingsguard get a funnel and a barrel of wine. Ser Meryn forces the funnel into Ser Dontos’s mouth. The kingsguard with the barrel begins pouring the wine down the funnel. Ser Dontos begins gurgling and struggles a little bit.
SANSA: You can't!
JOFFREY: What did you say? Did you say I can't?
SANSA: I only meant… it would be bad luck to kill a man on your name day.
JOFFREY: What kind of stupid peasant's superstition...
THE HOUND: The girl is right. What a man sows on his name day, he reaps all year.
JOFFREY: (Sighs). Take him away. I'll have him killed tomorrow, the fool.
The barrel and funnel are removed, and Ser Dontos is released. He pukes out a mixture of blood and wine onto the ground.
JOFFREY: Did you hear My Lady, Ser Dontos? (Ser Dontos is forced onto his feet). From this day, (Standing up), you'll be my new fool.
SER DONTOS: Thank you, Your Grace. (Bows). And you, My Lady, thank you.
Ser Dontos is taken away by kingsguard.
TYRION: Beloved nephew.
Tyrion, Bronn, and a number of hill tribesman appear from the right. People murmur and look their way.
TYRION: We looked for you on the battlefield. (Joffrey sits down). You were nowhere to be found.
Tyrion begins to pour himself a glass of wine.
JOFFREY: I've been here, ruling the kingdoms.
TYRION: What a fine job you've done. (Turns to Myrcella). Look at you. (Kisses her). More beautiful than ever. (Turns to Tommen). And you! You, you're going to be bigger than the Hound, but much better looking. (Tyrion smiles. He and Myrcella laugh). This one doesn't like me.
Tyrion gestures towards the Hound. Bronn looks over at the Hound and smiles wryly.
BRONN: Can't imagine why.
JOFFREY: We heard you were dead.
MYRCELLA: I'm glad you're not dead.
Tyrion takes a sip of his wine.
TYRION: Me, too, dear. Death is so boring, especially now with so much excitement in the world. (Looks at Sansa). My Lady, I'm sorry for your loss.
Tyrion bows to Sansa. Joffrey looks over at her, and back to Tyrion.
JOFFREY: Her loss? Her father was a confessed traitor!
TYRION: But still her father. Surely having so recently lost your own beloved father you can sympathize.
SANSA: My father was a traitor. My mother and brother are traitors, too. I am loyal to my beloved Joffrey.
TYRION: Of course you are.
Tyrion smirks sympathetically. Sansa looks away.
TYRION: Well, (Gulps down his wine), enjoy your name day, Your Grace. Wish I could stay and celebrate, but there is work to be done.
Tyrion begins walking away from the tent.
JOFFREY: What work? (Bronn and the tribesmen follow Tyrion. Joffrey stands up). Why are you here?
INT. SMALL COUNCIL MEETING CHAMBER
The council members sit at a table. A man walks to the table with a covered bird cage.
PYCELLE: The raven arrived from the Citadel this morning, Your Grace. The conclave has met, (The man sets the cage down and removes the cover), considered reports from Maesters all over the Seven Kingdoms, and declared this great summer done, at last. The longest summer in living memory.
VARYS: The peasants say, a long summer means an even longer winter.
PYCELLE: A common superstition.
BAELISH: We have enough wheat for a five-year winter. If it lasts any longer, (Shrugs indifferently), we'll have fewer peasants.
JANOS: The city's drowning in refugees, Your Grace, fleeing the war. We have nowhere to house them, and with winter coming, it'll only get worse.
Cersei gestures to a servant. The servant comes to take the raven off of the table.
CERSEI: You command the City Watch, do you not, Lord Slynt?
JANOS: I do, Your Grace.
CERSEI: And are you not a Lord at my command?
JANOS: I owe my title and lands to your generosity, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Then do your job. Shut the gates to the peasants. They belong in the field, not our capital.
JANOS: Yes, Your Grace.
Tyrion begins whistling from a distance. Everyone at the table turns to watch him approach.
TYRION: Don't get up. More ravishing than ever, big sister. (Kisses Cersei on the cheek). War agrees with you. Forgive the interruption, carry on.
CERSEI: What are you doing here?
TYRION: (Sits down) It's been a remarkable journey. I, (grabs a glass), pissed off the edge of the Wall, I slept in a sky cell. (Pours himself wine). I fought with the hill tribes. So many adventures, so much to be thankful for.
Tyrion begins drinking his wine.
CERSEI: What are you doing here? This is the small council.
TYRION: Yes., well, I, do believe the Hand of the King is welcome at all small council meetings.
CERSEI: Our father is Hand of the King.
TYRION: Yes, but in his absence…
Tyrion pulls out a letter. He hands it to Varys, who opens it, and begins reading it.
VARYS: Your father has named Lord Tyrion to serve as Hand in his stead while he fights -
CERSEI: Out! All of you out. (The small council members all get up and leave until it is only Cersei and Tyrion. Cersei stands up and approaches Tyrion). I would like to know how you tricked father into this.
TYRION: If I were capable of tricking father, I'd be emperor of the world by now. You brought this on yourself. (Cersei sits down).
CERSEI: I've done nothing.
TYRION: Quite right. You did nothing when your son called for Ned Stark's head. Now the entire North has risen up against us.
CERSEI: I tried to stop it.
TYRION: Did you? You failed. That bit of theater will haunt our family for a generation.
CERSEI: Robb Stark is a child.
TYRION: Who's won every battle he's fought. Do you understand we're losing the war?
CERSEI: What do you know about warfare?
TYRION: Nothing. But I know people. And I know that our enemies hate each other almost as much as they hate us.
There is a long pause. Cersei looks over at Tyrion.
CERSEI: Joffrey is King.
TYRION: Joffrey is King.
CERSEI: You are here to advise him.
TYRION: I'm only here to advise him. And if the King listens to what I say, the King might just get his Uncle Jaime back.
CERSEI: How?
TYRION: You love your children. It's your one redeeming quality. That and your cheekbones. The Starks love their children as well. And we have two of them.
CERSEI: One.
TYRION: One?
CERSEI: Arya, little animal, she disappeared.
TYRION: Disappeared? What, in a puff of smoke? We had three Starks to trade. You chopped one's head off and let another escape. Father will be furious. It must be odd for you to be the disappointing child.
Tyrion smirks, and takes a sip of his wine. Cersei looks away.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
EXT. OUTSIDE WINTERFELL
A knight sits on a horse alone, holding a banner. Winterfell is seen in the background.
LORD: My Lord, may the Old Gods watch over your brother and all our northern sons.
INT. INSIDE WINTERFELL’S KEEP
A long queue of people are waiting to speak with Bran. The man speaking is addressing Bran and Maester Luwin, who are both sitting at a large table.
LORD: The walls of my Holdfast will not stand the winter. The stones were last mortared in the time of King Aerys, and I'm afraid the masons today are not fit to carry their fathers' hammers. When I was a boy, I remember seeing them put up a new tower at Torrhen's Square in a summer. Men worked back then. Today, my Holdfast looks like it was built by drunk children. At night you can hear the wind howling through the gaps. And the Gods forbid it rains. Why, I might as well sleep beneath a waterfall.
LUWIN: Maintenance of a Holdfast generally falls to the lord of that Holdfast.
LORD: Generally, yes, but I've sent all the young men off to fight Robb Stark's war.
BRAN: King Robb. And it's not his war. He didn't choose it.
LORD: Maybe not, My Lord, but he called in his Banners, and took the men.
BRAN: Joffrey killed my father, your liege lord. Do you remember your vows, Ser?
LORD: Of course I remember!
LUWIN: We can spare four masons for a week, My Lord. Will that be sufficient to repair your walls?
The man walks away. After a moment, Luwin turns to Bran.
LUWIN: We didn't want him here all day, did we?
BRAN: I didn't like the way he was talking about Robb.
LUWIN: Nor did I. But listening to people you'd rather not listen to is one of your responsibilities as Lord of Winterfell. (Bran sighs). Lord Portan.
PORTAN: (Walks forward). My Lord, may the Old Gods watch over your brother and all our northern sons.
EXT. WOODS
The camera changes to first-person. A character is running through the woods, panting.  The character looks up to the red comet above the trees, and then back down to the pool in the godswood. The character approaches the pool and looks down at their reflection, revealing themselves to be Summer, Bran’s direwolf.
INT. BRAN’S BEDROOM
Bran lays in his bed, asleep. His eyes suddenly open.
Hodor walks with Bran on his back, closely following Osha. Osha squats next to some plants. Hodor continues walking.
OSHA: Boil this for an hour and drink the tea. Makes all your pain go away.
Osha pockets some of the plant.
BRAN: Don't have any pain.
OSHA: Lucky for you.
BRAN: That way.
Bran points, and Hodor changes direction, heading for the godswood. Osha turns and begins following them.
OSHA: You've been having those dreams again.
BRAN: I don't dream.
OSHA: Everyone dreams.
BRAN: I don't. Heard some of the men talking about the comet. (Bran looks up at the comet). They say it's an omen. They say it means Robb will win a great victory in the South.
OSHA: Did they? (Hodor is kneeling next to the pool in the godswood. Osha begins unstrapping Bran from Hodor’s back). I heard some other fools say it's Lannister Red. Means the Lannisters will rule all Seven Kingdoms before long. I heard a stable boy say it's the color of blood, to mark the death of your father.
Osha places Bran on the ground. He begins crawling towards the edge of the pool.
OSHA: The stars don't fall for men. The red comet means one thing, boy. Dragons.
Bran looks at his reflection in the pool.
BRAN: The dragons are all dead. They've been dead for centuries.
CUT TO: ESSOS
EXT. DESERT
Some people walk through the desert. The camera pans up to reveal Daenerys, with Drogon on her shoulder, and her Khalasar. Daenerys attempts to feed Drogon some meat, but he refuses.
DOREAH: What did your brother say about them, Khaleesi?
DAENERYS: He said they ate meat.
DOREAH: He didn't tell you what kind of meat?
DAENERYS: My brother didn't know anything about dragons. He didn't know anything about anything.
Doreah looks down dejectedly. Daenerys gets Drogon off of her shoulder and into his cage. At the front of the group, a horse suddenly collapses. Jorah jogs forward to investigate. Daenerys follows after him. Daenerys kneels down to look at the horse. She looks up at Jorah, who shakes his head. Daenerys looks down sadly.
DAENERYS: She was Drogo's first gift to me.
JORAH: I remember.
DAENERYS: I promised to protect them. Promised them their enemies would die screaming. How do I make starvation scream?
JORAH: A trick I never learned, I'm afraid.
DAENERYS: Does it ever end?
JORAH: This is further east than I've ever been. But, yes, Khaleesi, everything ends, even the red waste.
DAENERYS: And you're sure there's no other way?
JORAH: If we go south to the land of the Lazarheen, the Lamb Men will kill us and take your dragons. If we go west to the Dothraki Sea, the first Khalasar we meet will kill us and take your dragons.
DAENERYS: No one will take my dragons.
JORAH: They are too weak to fight, as are your people. You must be their strength.
DAENERYS: (Turns to Jorah) As you are mine.
Daenerys says something in Dothraki, calling Rakharo and some others over. She then stands up, and addresses Rakharo and two others.
DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Rakharo, Aggo, Kovarro. Take our remaining horses. You will ride east, you southeast, and you northeast.
RAKHARO: (Speaking Dothraki) What do we seek, Khaleesi?
DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Cities, living or dead. Caravans and people. Rivers or lakes or the great salt sea. Find how far the Red Waste extends before us, and what lies on the other side.
Rakharo and the other two riders walk away. Later, as Rakharo is almost ready to leave, Daenerys approaches him.
DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Rokharo, you are my last hope, blood of my blood.
RAKHARO: (Speaking Dothraki) I will not fail you, blood of my blood.
DAENERYS: You never have.
RAKHARO: This is… bad time to start.
Rakharo and the other two riders take off. Daenerys stares at the red comet, looking troubled.
CUT TO: BEYOND THE WALL
EXT. WOODS
The large party of Night’s Watchmen continue through the woods on horseback. Sam, Grenn, and Edd surround a sledge trapped in the snow on the side of the road.
JON: Having a rough time of it?
SAM: Nothing's killed me yet.
GRENN: Your ass killed the sledge.
SAM: You offered me a ride!
GRENN: I just wanted you to shut up about your damn blisters.
The party reaches a large camp. Some of them dismount. The camera pans up to view a large wooden house in the center.
EDD: I was born in a place like this. Later, I fell on hard times.
The camera moves through the camp, to show some of the women working.
SAM: Are those girls?
EDD: Craster's daughters.
SAM: I haven't seen a girl in six months.
EDD: I'd keep on not seeing them if I were you.
GRENN: What, he don't like people messing with his daughters?
EDD: (Smirking) He don't like people messing with his wives.
Jon, Sam, and Grenn all look at Edd, surprised.
EDD: He marries his daughters, and they give him more daughters, and on, and on it goes.
SAM: That's foul.
GRENN: It's beyond foul.
EDD: All the other wildlings for a hundred leagues have disappeared. Craster's still here. He must be doing something right.
JON: What happens to the boys?
SAM: Hmm?
JON: He marries his daughters. What does he do with his sons?
INT. CRASTER’S LODGE
Craster, Mormont, and a number of watchmen sit around a fire.
LORD MORMONT: He said he planned to stop here on his way to the Frostfangs.
CRASTER: People make all sorts of plans. I haven't seen Benjen Stark in three years. Haven't missed him. Always treated me like scum. (Sips his wine). Haven't had any good wine for a long time. You Southerners make good wine, I'll give you that.
JON: (Standing off to the side of the room) We're not Southerners.
CRASTER: Who's this little girl? You're prettier than half my daughters. You got a nice wet twat between your legs? What's your name?
JON: Jon Snow.
CRASTER: Snow, eh? Listen to me, bastard. All you lot from south of the Wall, you're Southerners. But now you're in the North, the real North.
LORD MORMONT: The lad meant no harm.
CRASTER: I catch that pretty little bastard talking to my daughters -
LORD MORMONT: No one will talk to your daughters, you have my word. (Turns to Jon) Now, sit down and shut your mouth.
Jon takes a seat at the fire.
CRASTER: You bring any of that good wine with you?
LORD MORMONT: We did. We passed through six villages on the way here. All six were abandoned. Where have all the wildlings gone?
As the conversation continues, Jon looks around at some of Craster’s daughters in the rafters.
CRASTER: I could tell you, but I'm thirsty.
LORD MORMONT: There's a barrel of Dornish wine on the sledge. Bring it in here.
WATCHMAN: Yes, commander.
CRASTER: You want to know where they've all gone? North! To join up with Mance Rayder Your old friend.
LORD MORMONT: He's no friend of mine. He broke his vows, betrayed his brothers!
CRASTER: Oh, aye. But once he was just a poor black crow. And now he's King-Beyond-the-Wall.
LORD MORMONT: He's been calling himself that for years. What’s he king of? A frozen lake somewhere?
Craster looks at the watchman sitting next to Mormont and points.
CRASTER: That's a good-looking axe. Fresh forged?
LORD MORMONT: Give it here.
Mormont beckons to the watchman, who begrudgingly hands Mormont the axe.
LORD MORMONT: You'll have another one made at Castle Black. (Hands the axe to Craster). Here.
CRASTER: (Inspecting the axe). Oh, that's some lovely steel. (Loudly brings the axe down). You want to know what Mance Rayder is doing? Gathering an army. What I hear, he's already got more men than any of your southern kings.
LORD MORMONT: And where does he plan marching this army?
CRASTER: When you're all the way north, there's only one direction to go.
LORD MORMONT: These are bad times to be living alone in the wild. The cold winds are rising.
CRASTER: Let them come. My roots are sunk deep. (Grabs Gilly) Wife, tell the Lord Crow how content we are.
GILLY: This is our place. Our husband keeps us safe. Better to live free than die a slave.
CRASTER: Don't it make you jealous, old man, to see me with all these young wives and you with no one to warm your bed?
LORD MORMONT: We chose different paths.
CRASTER: Oh, aye, and you chose the path with no one but boys on it. (Stands up).  You'll be wanting to sleep beneath my roof, I suppose, and eat me out of pigs.
LORD MORMONT: (Stands up) A roof would be welcome. It's been hard riding. We've brought our own food and good steel for you.
CRASTER: (Addressing the group). Any man lays a hand on one of my wives, he loses the hand. And I see this one, (Gestures towards Jon),  staring too long, I might just gouge his eyes out.
LORD MORMONT: Your roof, your rules.
The crows all leave the lodge.
EXT. IN THE CAMP
Mormont roughly grabs Jon and pins him against a wooden post.
LORD MORMONT: (Angrily) Who am I? (Jon looks confused) Who am I?
JON: Lord commander.
LORD MORMONT: And who are you?
JON: Jon Snow.
LORD MORMONT: Who are you?
JON: Your steward.
LORD MORMONT: You want to lead one day? (Jon nods). Then learn how to follow.
CUT TO: DRAGONSTONE
EXT. BEACH
The camera pans down from the red comet to Maester Cressen, holding a torch and running. Melisandre can be heard speaking in the distance.
MELISANDRE: Lord of Light, come to us in our darkness. We offer you these false Gods.
Cressen approaches a group gathered on the beach, burning some effigies. Melisandre is speaking to them.
MELISANDRE: Take them and cast your light upon us. For the night is dark and full of terrors.
THE GROUP: (In unison) For the night is dark and full of terrors.
Cressen reaches the group and hands his torch to another man.
MELISANDRE: After the long summer, darkness will fall heavy on the world. Stars will bleed.
CRESSEN: (To Davos) We need to stop her!
MELISANDRE: The cold breath of winter will freeze the seas.
DAVOS: (Looks to Stannis) Not now.
MELISANDRE: And the dead shall rise in the North.
CRESSEN: (Walks forward, interrupting Melisandre). All you men were named in the Light of the Seven! Is this how you treat the Gods of your fathers? Are you so eager to spit on your ancestors?
After a long silence, Melisandre approaches Cressen and caresses his face.
MELISANDRE: You smell of fear, fear and piss and old bones. Do you want to stop me? Stop me.
After a moment, Cressen begrudgingly stands aside.
MELISANDRE: In the ancient books, it's written that a warrior will draw a burning sword from the fire. And that sword shall be Lightbringer. Stannis Baratheon, warrior of light, your sword awaits you.
Stannis approaches one of the burning effigies as everyone else looks on. He pulls a sword out from the base and carries it high, to applause. When he sticks it in the sand, the crowd kneels.
CROWD: Lord, cast your light upon us!
MELISANDRE: For the night is dark and full of terrors.
STANNIS: For the night is dark and full of terror.
Stannis then walks away, almost forgetting to bring his wife with him. The rest of the crowd gets up to leave moments later. Davos and Cressen stay behind a moment to talk.
CRESSEN: This woman will lead him into a war he cannot win.
DAVOS: Stannis is our king. We follow where he leads, even if we don't like the path.
CRESSEN: (Scoffs) King. Since that boar killed his brother, every lord wants a coronation.
DAVOS: I don't serve the others. I serve Stannis.
CRESSEN: As do I, but loyal service means telling hard truths. He's surrounded by fools and fanatics, but he trusts you, Davos. (Davos picks up the sword and inspects it).  If you tell him the truth…
DAVOS: What's the truth?
Cressen looks crestfallen. Davos walks away with the sword. Cressen looks up at the burning effigies.
Matthos reads out a letter for Stannis to proofread, as they and some other characters sit around a table.
MATTHOS: “And I declare upon the honor of my house that my beloved brother Robert le-”
STANNIS: He wasn't my beloved brother. (Matthos looks up). I didn't love him, he didn't love me.
DAVOS: A harmless courtesy, Your Grace.
STANNIS: A lie. Take it out.
Matthos scratches ‘beloved’ off of the letter, and then continues.
MATTHOS: “That my brother Robert left no trueborn heirs; the boy Joffrey, the boy Tommen, and the girl Myrcella, being born of incest between Cersei Lannister and her brother Jaime Lannister. By right of birth -"
STANNIS: Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. Call him what he is.
Matthos adds in ‘the Kingslayer,’ and continues. Davos notices Cressen slip something into his own glass of wine.
MATTHOS: "And her brother Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. By right of birth and blood, I do this day lay claim -"
STANNIS: Make it Ser Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. Whatever else he is, the man's still a knight.
MATTHOS: (Adding Ser) "Ser Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer. By right of birth and blood, I do this day lay claim to the Iron Throne of Westeros. (Stannis nods). Let all true men declare their loyalty.”
STANNIS: When Eddard Stark learned the truth, he told only me. I'll not make the same mistake. Send copies of that letter to every corner of the Realm, from the Arbor to the Wall. The time has come to choose. Let no man claim ignorance as an excuse.
DAVOS: Your Grace, the Lannisters are the true enemy. If, for the time being, you could make peace with your brother -
STANNIS: I'll not make peace with Renly while he calls himself King.
DAVOS: Well, many have already declared for him; Mace Tyrell, Randyll Tarly.
MELISANDRE: Stannis does not need to beg this lord or that lord for support. The Lord of Light stands behind him.
DAVOS: And how many ships has the Lord of Light got in his fleet?
MELISANDRE: He has no need for ships.
DAVOS: I'm sure he doesn't, but we do if we're going to war. If not Renly, Your Grace, join forces with Robb Stark.
STANNIS: Who would steal the northern half of my kingdom. I've always served thieves according to their desserts, as you well know, Ser Davos. Joffrey, Renly, Robb Stark, they're all thieves. They'll bend the knee or I'll destroy them.
CRESSEN: (Stands up). I owe you an apology, my King. My duty is to serve. You have chosen the new God over the Old Gods. May the Lord of Light watch over us all. Shall we drink together?
DAVOS: (Whispers to Cressen) Don't.
Cressen stands up with the drugged glass of wine, and walks over to where Melisandre is sitting.
CRESSEN: A cup of wine to honor the one true God.
Melisandre stands up. Everyone at the table reaches for their own wine glasses. Cressen takes a sip of the drugged wine and offers it to Melisandre. Davos nervously watches her take the glass. Cressen begins to stumble and bleed from his nose. Melisandre drink a large portion of the wine. As he falls to the floor dead, Davos and many others stand up. Melisandre appears unphased by the poison.
MELISANDRE: The night is dark and full of terrors, old man, but the fire burns them all away. Your Grace.
CUT TO: NORTH
EXT. STARK CAMP
The camera pans over a watchtower to a wide shot of the camp. In the camp, Robb stark is led by a man with a torch to where Jaime is being held. Robb enters Jaime’s cage, where he is tied to a wooden pole, a good distance from the walls of the cage.
JAIME: King in the North. I keep expecting you to leave me in one castle or another for safekeeping, but you drag me along from camp to camp. Have you grown fond of me, Stark? Is that it? I've never seen you with a girl.
ROBB: If I left you with one of my bannermen, your father would know within a fortnight, and my bannerman would receive a raven with a message, "Release my son and you'll be rich beyond your dreams. Refuse and your house will be destroyed, root and stem.”
JAIME: You don't trust the loyalty of the men following you into battle?
ROBB: Oh, I trust them with my life. Just not with yours.
JAIME: Smart boy. What's wrong? Don't like being called ‘boy’? Insulted?
Robb looks behind Jaime’s cage. As Jaime nervously strains to look behind him, Grey Wind can be heard heavily walking to the front of the cage.
ROBB: You insult yourself, Kingslayer. You've been defeated by a boy.
With Grey Wind now fully in view, Jaime loses his brave facade.
ROBB: You're held captive by a boy. Perhaps you'll be killed by a boy. (Grey Wind enters the cage. Jaime looks very nervous). Stannis Baratheon sent ravens to all the high lords of Westeros. King Joffrey Baratheon is neither a true king nor a true Baratheon. (Jaime focuses back on Robb). He's your bastard son.
JAIME: If that's true, Stannis is the rightful king. How convenient for him.
ROBB: My father learned the truth. That's why you had him executed.
JAIME: I was your prisoner when Ned Stark lost his head.
ROBB: Your son killed him so the world wouldn't learn who fathered him. And you... you pushed my brother from a window because he saw you with the queen.
JAIME: You have proof? Or do you want to trade gossip like a couple of fishwives?
ROBB: I'm sending one of your cousins down to King's Landing with my peace terms.
JAIME: You think my father's going to negotiate with you? You don't know him very well.
ROBB: No, but he's starting to know me.
JAIME: Three victories don't make you a conqueror.
ROBB: It's better than three defeats.
Robb nudges Grey Wind towards Jaime and leaves the cage. Grey Wind growls in Jaime’s face and comes close to biting him. Jaime closes his eyes in preparation, but when he opens them back up, Grey Wind is gone.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
INT. TYRION’S ROOM
Shae looks out from the balcony in Tyrion’s room.
SHAE: This city stinks Like dead bodies.
TYRION: A bit corpsey, yes.
SHAE: And shit.
Shae hops down from the balcony, and walks back into the room.
TYRION: I thought you wanted to come here.
SHAE: I love it.
TYRION: You love the smell of dead bodies and shit?
SHAE: And cum and garlic and rum.
TYRION: You can smell cum from the balcony?
SHAE: I love the stink. I love the noise. Cities make me want to fuck.
TYRION: And so did the country.
Shae lays back on Tyrion’s bed.
SHAE: This is where I belong.
TYRION: Yes, well, you need to be careful. No one can know you're here.
SHAE: No one will know.
TYRION: You can't trust anyone in King's Landing. They're all liars; good liars, bad liars, one or two great liars.
SHAE: What about you?
TYRION: Me? I'm not from here. I'm a slave to the truth.
SHAE: Truth? (Laughs) You are the biggest little liar I have ever met.
TYRION: Why do you think I am so little? I'm being, (Lays down on the bed with Shae), crushed beneath the weight of all that truth.
TYRION: Ned Stark actually slept on this, as if the poor man didn't suffer enough. One of the many changes we'll have to make around here.
Tyrion and Shae kiss as a bell rings in the distance.
INT. HALLWAY
A servant boy can be seen scrubbing something on the floor, as Baelish walks down a hallway next to a courtyard. Cersei and some kingsguard approach from behind.
CERSEI: Lord Baelish.
BAELISH: Your Grace.
CERSEI: I wonder if I might ask you for a favor.
BAELISH: Of course, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Ned Stark's youngest daughter Arya... we can't seem to locate her.
Baelish begins walking with Cersei and her guards.
BAELISH: If she's escaped the capital, Winterfell seems the logical destination.
CERSEI: And yet my friends in the North report no sign of her.
BAELISH: Curious.
CERSEI: If we choose to negotiate with the Starks, the girl has some value. Whoever finds her, well, you know what they say about Lannisters and debts.
BAELISH: Well, you could ask Varys where she is. He'll have an answer for you. Whether you believe it,,, Myself, I have always had a hard time trusting eunuchs. (Smiles) Who knows what they want?
CERSEI: A mockingbird. (Points to a pin on Baelish’s shirt). You created your own Sigil, didn't you?
BAELISH: Yes.
CERSEI: Appropriate for a self-made man with so many songs to sing.
BAELISH: I'm glad you like it. Some people are fortunate enough to be born into the right family. Others have to find their own way.
CERSEI: I heard a song once about a boy of modest means who found his way into the home of a very prominent family. He loved the eldest daughter. Sadly, she had eyes for another.
BAELISH: When boys and girls live in the same home, awkward situations can arise. Sometimes, I've heard, even brothers and sisters develop certain affections. And when these affections become common knowledge, well, that is an awkward situation, indeed. Especially in a prominent family. But prominent families often forget a simple truth, I've found.
CERSEI: And which truth is that?
BAELISH: Knowledge is power.
CERSEI: Seize him. (Cersei’s guards seize Baelish). Cut his throat. (A guard holds a knife to Baelish’s neck). Stop. Wait. I've changed my mind. Let him go. (The guards let Baelish go). Step back three paces. Turn around. Close your eyes. (The guards do as Cersei says). (To Baelish) Power is power. Do see if you can take some time away from your coins and your whores to locate the Stark girl for me. I would very much appreciate it.
Cersei walks away from Baelish, her guards following close behind. The servant boy scrubbing the floor looks up at Baelish.
CUT TO: NORTH
INT. ROBB’S TENT
ROBB: You're Ser Alton Lannister?
ALTON: I am, Your Grace.
ROBB: I offer your cousins peace if they meet my terms. First, your family must release my sisters. Second, my father's bones must be returned to us so he may rest beside his brother and sister in the crypts beneath Winterfell. And the remains of all those who died in his service must also be returned. Their families can honor them with proper funerals.
ALTON: An honorable request, Your Grace.
ROBB: Third... Joffrey and the Queen Regent must renounce all claim to dominion of the North. From this time, till the end of time, we are a free and independent kingdom.
Alton looks at him wide-eyed.
SER RODRIK: The King in the North.
THE OTHERS AT THE TABLE: King in the North.
ROBB: Neither Joffrey nor any of his men shall set foot in our lands again. If he disregards this command, he shall suffer the same fate as my father, only I don't need a servant to do my beheading for me.
ALTON: These are... Your Grace, these are...
ROBB: These are my terms. If the Queen Regent and her son meet them, I'll give them peace. If not, I will litter the south with Lannister dead.
ALTON: King Joffrey is a Baratheon, Your Grace.
ROBB: Oh, is he? You'll ride at daybreak, Ser Alton. That will be all for tonight.
After everyone else leaves the tent, Theon approaches Robb.
THEON: A word, Your Grace?
ROBB: You don't have to call me ‘Your Grace’ when no one's around.
THEON: It's not so bad once you get used to it.
ROBB: I'm glad someone's gotten used to it.
THEON: The Lannisters are going to reject your terms, you know?
ROBB: Of course they are.
THEON: We can fight them in the fields as long as you like, but we won't beat them until you take King's Landing. And we can't take King's Landing without ships. My father has ships and men who know how to sail them.
ROBB: Men who fought my father.
THEON: Men who fought King Robert to free themselves from the yoke of the South, just like you're doing now. I'm his only living son. He'll listen to me. I know he will. I'm not a Stark. I know that. But your father raised me to be an honorable man. We can avenge him together.
CATELYN: You don't want Balon Greyjoy for an ally.
ROBB: I need his ships. They say he has 200.
CATELYN: They say a million rats live in the sewers of King's Landing. Shall we rally them to fight for us?
Catelyn is preparing to go somewhere, gathering up various items.
ROBB: I understand you don't trust Lord Greyjoy.
CATELYN: I don't trust Lord Greyjoy because he is not trustworthy. Your father had to go to war to end his rebellion.
ROBB: Yes. And now I'm the one rebelling against the throne. Before me, it was father. You married one rebel and mothered another.
CATELYN: I mothered more than just rebels, a fact you seem to have forgotten.
ROBB: If I trade the Kingslayer for two girls, my bannermen will string me up by my feet.
CATELYN: You want to leave Sansa in the Queen's hands? And Arya, I haven't heard a word about Arya. What are we fighting for if not for them?
ROBB: It's more complicated than that! You know it is.
A long pause follows. Catelyn sits down.
CATELYN: It's time for me to go home. I haven't seen Bran or Rickon in months.
ROBB: You can't go to Winterfell.
CATELYN: I beg your pardon?
ROBB: I'll send Rodrik to watch over the boys, ‘cause tomorrow, you'll ride south to the Stormlands.
CATELYN: Why in the name of all the Gods -
ROBB: Because I need you to negotiate with Renly Baratheon. He's rallied an army of 100,000. You know him. You know his family.
CATELYN: I haven't seen Renly Baratheon since he was a boy. You have a hundred other lords -
ROBB: Which of these lords do I trust more than you? If Renly sides with us, we'll outnumber them two to one. When they feel the jaws beginning to shut, they'll sue for peace. We'll get the girls back. Then we'll all go home for good.
CATELYN: I will ride at first light.
Robb kisses Catelyn’s forehead, and they embrace.
ROBB: We will all be together again soon, I promise.
CATELYN: You've done so well. Your father would be proud.
ROBB: (Pauses) Give Lord Renly my regards.
CATELYN: King Renly. There's a king in every corner now.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
INT. THRONE ROOM
Cersei and her guards enter the throne room. Extensive work is being done, overseen by Joffrey.
CERSEI: What is all this?
JOFFREY: Returning this room to its proper appearance. Say what you will about the Targaryens, they were conquerors. That is a seat for a conqueror. It needs a room to match it, not vines and flowers.
CERSEI: We can't find Arya Stark.
JOFFREY: With luck, she's dead in a ditch somewhere.
CERSEI: Perhaps. But if not, we need her. They'll never give Jaime back to us for Sansa alone.
JOFFREY: I think they might. They're weak. They put too much value on their women. (Walks towards the throne).
CERSEI: We need to set our armies to the task of finding her. Send out as many men as we can. I'm sure if you asked grandfather -
JOFFREY: The King does not ask; He commands. And my grandfather's stupidity in the field of battle is the reason Robb Stark has Uncle Jaime in the first place.
CERSEI: His life is in danger.
JOFFREY: We're at war. All our lives are in danger. I heard a disgusting lie about Uncle Jaime. And you.
CERSEI: Our enemies will say anything to weaken your claim to the throne.
JOFFREY: It's not a claim. The throne is mine.
CERSEI: Of course it is. No one believes this foul gossip -
JOFFREY: Someone believes it. Father had other children? Besides me and Tommen and Myrcella?
CERSEI: What are you asking?
JOFFREY: I'm asking if he fucked other women when he grew tired of you. How many bastards does he have running -
Cersei instinctively slaps Joffrey. It grows quiet as many workers look over at Joffrey and Cersei. Joffre looks up shocked, and then around to the workers in the room. Cersei appears nervous.
JOFFREY: What you just did is punishable by death. You will never do it again. Never. (Joffrey begins to walk away). That will be all, Mother.
INT. BROTHEL
A man and a woman are having sex. The woman is shrieking loudly.
ROZ: No, no, no, no. Do you have any idea how ridiculous you sound? Ease into it. Slowly, with passion.
The man and woman go back to having sex, this time with the woman slowly moaning.
ROZ: Go wash yourselves. Put some clothes on. Both of you are working tonight.
Roz walks Daisy through the brothel.
ROZ: We do things differently here, Daisy. This isn't some five-copper bawdy house in Hayseed Hall.
DAISY: Haystack Hall.
ROZ: Wherever you're from. Our establishment doesn't cater to ploughmen and goat herders. (Nods to a man walking past). Lord Olsen. Taste is everything here.
DAISY: Littlefinger's a fancy man.
ROZ: Don't call him Littlefinger, he doesn't like it. Lord Baelish.
As they enter a new room, a prostitute and two men with her get up to leave.
ROZ: She pretends she doesn't speak the common tongue so that people will think she's exotic. She grew up just down the road in flea bottom.
DAISY: She's beautiful.
ROZ: She's a dumb slut, really, but a lid for every pot. (Janos enters the room). Lord Commander. Good to see you, again.
Janos is followed by a number of gold cloaks, some of whom are dragging along a prisoner. Some leave to search other rooms.
ROZ: You do realize this establishment is owned by Lord Petyr Baelish, the King's Master of Coin. Coin which goes in many pockets.
JANOS: Orders.
ROZ: Whose orders?
JANOS: Someone who doesn't care what Littlefinger thinks.
MHAEGAN: No, you can't!
Some gold cloaks force Mhaegan and her baby, Barra, into the room. She begins crying. The prisoner looks at Barra, and back to Janos. He then nods. A gold cloak lets go of the prisoner and takes the Barra from Mhaegan.
MHAEGAN: No! Please! No! Not my Barra! Please. Please.
The gold cloak holds a knife to the baby’s throat, hesitantly. Throughout the whole ordeal, Mhaegan continues begging for Barra’s life.
JANOS: Enough. Get it done. Kill the bastard.
After a moment, Janos takes out a knife and grabs the baby.
JANOS: Give it here.
Janos kills the baby just off screen, and Mhaegan shrieks. Janos and the other gold cloaks leave the brothel.
EXT. A DOCK
Some gold cloaks walk along a dock. They go up some stairs.
GOLD CLOAK: Spread out! Search every house, every room. Look in every room.
INT. A HOUSE
Some gold cloaks burst into a house and kill the inhabitants.
EXT. A DOCK
Outside again, a gold cloak tosses a young boy into the water and proceeds to drown him.
EXT. STREET
Some gold cloaks hold back a large mob as a baby is carried away. A gold cloak looks on as the baby is presumably killed.
INT. SMITHY
Janos and a number of gold cloaks arrive at the smithy. A gold cloak is holding the blacksmith’s face near some hot coals.
BLACKSMITH: Gendry! His name is Gendry.
JANOS: Where is the bastard?
BLACKSMITH: The Night's Watch! Please, stop!
JANOS: Where?
BLACKSMITH: They took him up the Kingsroad, heading north!
JANOS: How will we know him?
BLACKSMITH: He's got a bull's head helmet. He made it himself.
JANOS: Find him.
CUT TO: YOREN’S PARTY
EXT. A ROAD SURROUNDED BY TREES
Gendry loads some things into a cart, and then helps Arya up onto the cart with him. The camera goes to a wide shot of the group Yoren is leading to the wall.
COLD OPEN
INT. SMALL COUNCIL CHAMBER
CERSEI: What are you doing here?
VARYS: Your father has named Lord Tyrion to (Cersei scoffs) serve as hand in his stead.
TYRION: You brought this on yourself.
CERSEI: I’ve done nothing.
TYRION: Do you understand we’re losing the war?
EXT. DESERT
DAENERYS: Does it ever end?
JORAH: Everything ends, even the red waste.
DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Rakharo, Aggo, Kovarro.. Take our remaining horses. Find out how far the Red Waste extends before us, and what lies on the other side.
INT./EXT. CRASTER’S CAMP
EDD: All the other wildlings for a hundred leagues have disappeared. Craster’s still here.
CRASTER: Any man lays a hand on one of my wives, he loses the hand.
EDD: He marries his daughters, and they give him more daughters.
JON: What happens to the boys? What does he do with his sons?
INT. DRAGONSTONE
MATTHOS: (Reading a letter) My brother Robert left no trueborn heirs, the boy Joffrey being born of incest between Cersei Lannister, and her brother Jaime Lannister. By right of birth, and blood, I do this day lay claim to the Iron Throne of Westeros.
STANNIS: Send copies of that letter to every corner of the realm.
INT. STARK CAMP
ROBB: I’m sending one of your cousins down to King’s Landing with my peace terms.
JAIME: You think my father’s going to negotiate with you? You don’t know him very well.
THEON: We won’t beat them until we take King’s Landing, and we can’t take King’s Landing without ships. My father has ships, and men who know how to sail them.
ROBB: Men who fought my father.
THEON: I’m his only living son. He’ll listen to me.
CATELYN: You don’t want Balon Greyjoy for an ally.
ROBB: I need his ships.
CATELYN: He is not trustworthy!
INT. THRONE ROOM
JOFFREY: I heard a disgusting lie about uncle Jaime… and you. Father had other children?
CERSEI: What are you asking?
INT. BROTHEL
Janos pulls out a knife and kills the infant Barra, as his mother Mhaegen looks on.
JOFFREY: How many bastards does he have running around?
Shots of gold cloaks murdering people.
INT. BLACKSMITH
A gold cloak holds the blacksmiths face near some hot coals.
JANOS: Where is the bastard?
BLACKSMITH: The Night’s Watch! Heading North!
Shot of Gendry, Arya, and their party on the road.
END COLD OPEN
TITLE SEQUENCE
Water can be heard trickling down. The opening shot is of Arya, her back to the camera, sitting by a pool of water in the woods. She turns her head to the left. Then some leaves rustle, and she turns to the right. A horse whinnies, and she walks towards some other people. Many of them are gathering wood, and she joins in. Jaqen H’ghar, Rorge, and Biter watch her as she walks past their cage.
JAQEN: (Whispers) Boy.
Arya looks up at the cage.
JAQEN: (Whispers) Lovely boy.
ARYA: (Stops walking). What do you want?
JAQEN: A man has a thirst. The man does not drink for a day and a night. A boy could make a friend.
ARYA: (Walks toward the cave). I have friends.
RORGE: Give us a beer. Before I skin you.
JAQEN: A man does not choose his companions. These two, they have no courtesy. A man must ask forgiveness. (Pause). You're called Arry. (Arya nods).  This man has the honor to be Jaqen H'ghar. Once of the Free City of Lorath.
RORGE: Hey, you little shit. Get us beer!
Arya throws down the wood she was holding and looks at Rorge angrily.
ARYA: You should have asked nicely.
Arya begins hitting the cage with a stick, trying to hit Rorge. Rorge tries to claw back. Jaqen laughs at the exchange. Biter looks on.
RORGE: Come closer. And I'll shove that stick up your bunghole and fuck you bloody.
JAQEN: (Quietly) The boy has more courage than sense.
RORGE: Come here!
Rorge reaches out at Arya. Gendry walks past holding wood. Arya joins him.
GENDRY: Yoren said none of us were should go near of those three.
RORGE: Come here!
ARYA: They don't scare me.
GENDRY: Hmm? Then you're stupid. They scare me.
Two gold cloaks ride in on horseback. Gendry puts down the wood he was carrying.
ARYA: What are gold cloaks doing this far from King's Landing?
Arya attempts to hide under some wood.
GENDRY: What are you doing?
ARYA: They're looking for me.
GOLD CLOAK: You're in command here?
YOREN: You're a long way from home.
GOLD CLOAK: I asked you a question.
YOREN: Aye, you did. You asked without manners. And I chose not to answer.
GOLD CLOAK: (Pulls out rolled up paper and hands it to Yoren). I have a royal warrant. For one of these gutter rats you're transporting.
Gendry looks at Arya. Arya looks back, pursing her lips.
YOREN: Well the thing is, (Hands back the paper), these gutter rats belong to the Night's Watch now. That puts them beyond the reach of kings and queens.
The gold cloak tries to pull out his sword. Yoren quickly pulls out his dagger and puts it to the man’s leg.
YOREN: It's a funny thing. People worry so much about their throats, they forget about what's down low. Now I sharpened this blade before breakfast. I could shave a spider's arse if I wanted to. Or, I could nick this artery in your leg and once it's nicked, there's no one around here who knows how to un-nick it.
Yoren takes the gold cloak’s sword. The other gold cloak pulls his out.
YOREN: We'll just keep that. Good steel is always needed on the wall. Seems you have a choice. You can die here at this crossroads a long way from home. Or you can go back to your city and tell your masters you didn't find what you were looking for.
GOLD CLOAK: We're looking for a boy named Gendry. (Gendry and Arya look shocked). He carries a bull's head helmet. Anyone turning him over will earn the King's reward. We'll be back. With more men. (To Yoren) And I'll be taking your head home along with that bastard boy.
The gold cloaks ride off. Gendry and Arya stands up. Everyone in the party turns to look at Gendry.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
INT. RED KEEP
Tyrion walks through a room and into a hallway, whistling. As he opens the door to his room, Shae laughs, and he stops whistling. Shae and Varys are sitting at a table. Varys stands up, and Tyrion looks at Shae, and closes the door.
VARYS: My lord.
SHAE: You make me wait a long time, but your friend keeps me company.
VARYS: We were just speaking of your bravery in the victory against the Stark auxiliary forces.
TYRION: It was quite a battle.
Tyrion walks over to the window to get some wine.
VARYS: I heard you suffered a terrible head wound. The northerners are such fearsome warriors.
SHAE: And I tell him the story of how we meet.
VARYS: To find so lovely creature working in your father's kitchen. It almost beggars belief.
TYRION: (Begins to pour wine). Strange things do happen. You should taste her fish pie.
SHAE: I don't think Lord Varys likes fish pie.
VARYS: How can you tell?
SHAE: I can always tell.
TYRION: Men like Lord Varys and I can't let our disadvantages get the best of us. We'll make a fisherman of him yet. (Takes a sip).
VARYS: I am glad your new friend was able to accompany you to the capital. Friends are such an important part of life. Unfortunate that your father didn't want her to come. But rest easy my lord, I am very good at keeping secrets for my good friends.
TYRION: Your discretion is legendary, where your friends are concerned.
VARYS: How unspeakable of me to go on and on, when all you want to do is rest. I will leave you. (Kisses Shae’s hand). Welcome to Kings Landing, my dear. The city is made brighter by your presence. We have a council meeting, my lord.
Shae stands up, and walks away. Tyrion puts his hand on the door, blocking it from being opened.
TYRION: I don't like threats.
VARYS: Who threatened you?
TYRION: I'm not Ned Stark. I understand the way this game is played.
VARYS: Ned Stark was a man of honor.
TYRION: And I am not. Threaten me again and I will have you thrown into the sea.
VARYS: You might be disappointed in the results. The storms come and go. The big fish eat the little fish. And I keep on paddling. Come, my lord. We shouldn't keep the queen waiting.
Tyrion opens the door. He and Varys exit. Varys closes the door behind them.
INT. SMALL COUNCIL CHAMBER
The small council sits at their table. Alton stands nearby. Cersei is reading a letter aloud.
CERSEI: “From this time until the end of time, we are not part of your realm, but a free and independent Kingdom of the North.” (Rips up the letter). He has more spirit than his father, I'll give him that.
TYRION: You've perfected the art of tearing up papers. Give him his father's bones back, at least, as a gesture of good faith.
CERSEI: You'll give the Starks our reply, cousin?
ALTON: I will, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Did you see my brother when you were the Starks guest?
Varys and Baelish look annoyed.
ALTON: I did. They have not broken his spirit, Your Grace.
CERSEI: If you speak with him, tell him he's not been forgotten.
ALTON: I will, Your Grace.
TYRION: Safe travels, cousin.
Alton leaves the room, followed by two gold cloaks.
TYRION: You have a deft hand with diplomacy.
CERSEI: If that's everything?
PYCELLE: (Holding a letter). A raven flew in this morning from Castle Black.
Pycelle hands the letter to Tyrion, who unfurls it and begins reading.
VARYS: Trouble with the wildlings?
BAELISH: That's why they're called wildlings.
VARYS: Somewhat less wild these days. It seems they've stopped killing each other and started following this King-Beyond-the-Wall.
CERSEI: Another king? How many is that now, Five? I've lost count.
TYRION: Lord Commander asks that we send more men to man The Wall.
CERSEI: Perhaps he's forgotten we're fighting a war. We have no men to spare.
TYRION: Cold winds are rising, and the dead rise with them.
PYCELLE: The northerners are a superstitious people.
Everyone but Tyrion stands up to leave.
TYRION: According to the Commander, one of these dead men attacked him in his chambers. (The other stop leaving). Mormont doesn't lie.
VARYS: How do you kill a dead man?
TYRION: Apparently you burn him.
CERSEI: One trip to The Wall and you come back believing in grumpkins and snarks. (Walks away, followed by Varys).
TYRION: I don't know what I believe, but here's a fact for you. The Night's Watch is the only thing that separates us from what lies beyond the Wall.
CERSEI: I have every confidence the brave men of the Night's Watch will protect us all.
Everyone but Tyrion leaves.
CUT TO: BEYOND THE WALL
INT. CRASTER’S CAMP
Sam, Edd, and Grenn are standing at a table. Edd and Grenn are cutting food.
EDD: Then I said, if the gods wanted us to have dignity, wouldn't make us fart when we died.
GRENN: We fart when we die?
EDD: My blessed mother was holding her own when she left this world. She farted so hard, the whole bed shook.
Edd makes farting noises with his mouth as they continue to cut food. Sam looks up and watches Gilly walk past.
SAM: Seems a bit greedy for one man to have so many wives. Wouldn't two, or three, be enough for him?
EDD: We were having a serious discussion.
Grenn looks up to watch some of the women.
GRENN: Would you look at that.
SAM: Nothing like the sight of a woman walking away.
GRENN: I prefer watching them come towards me.
SAM: I'm sure that's nice too.
GRENN: Well, there was a milkmaid named Violet on the next farm over from where I grew up. And we were wrestling together from the time we were six years old. And then we got older, the wrestling, uh, (laughs), changed.
SAM: You were with her? How many times?
GRENN: Well, as many times as I could.
SAM: Wish I'd grew up on a farm.
EDD: We need more potatoes. And get another sack for the sludge. (Sam begins to walk away). Get the turnips too.
As Sam continues walking, a dog barks. Then a woman screams. Sam turns around to see Gilly backed up against a fence post. Ghost stands in front of her, eyeing the meat she is carrying. Sam begins slowly walking over.
SAME: No. Ghost, no. No. Ghost, away. Shoo. Shoo! (Ghost walks away). (To Gilly)  You all right? Did he frighten you?
Sam reaches out to touch Gilly, but she flinches back.
GILLY: You shouldn't touch me.
SAM: Oh, oh. Right. I'm sorry. I just wanted to make sure you weren't hurt. (Long pause).
GILLY: You're very brave.
The camera moves to a shot of Jon sharpening his sword. He stops and looks up as Sam and Gilly approach him.
JON: What’re you doing?
SAM: This is Gilly, she's one of Craster's daughters.
JON: Hello, Gilly. What’re you doing?
GILLY: Sam said you could help.
JON: I'm sorry, Sam knows we're not supposed to -
SAM: She's pregnant. (Gilly encourages Sam to continue). We have to take her with us, when we leave.
JON: What? (Stands up).
SAM: I know it sounds a bit mad.
JON: No it doesn't sound a bit mad, it's impossible.
SAM: The Lord Commander, (Jon tries and fails to interrupt Sam), we are sworn to protect -
JON: Sam we can't take her -
GILLY: Please sir, please. I can still run if I have to.
JON: It's just not possible.
GILLY: I'm going to have a baby, if it's a boy I…
JON: If it's a boy what? (Gilly looks around and then down, not answering). You want us to risk our lives for you, and you won't even tell us why.
Gilly looks taken aback, and then runs off.
SAM: Why did you do that?
JON: Do what, ask her a question?
SAM: You were cruel.
JON: Cruel! Sam are you in such a hurry to lose a hand?
SAM: I didn't touch her!
JON: No you just want to steal her. What do you think Craster cuts off for that?
SAM: I can't steal her, she's a person not a goat.
JON: We're heading deeper and deeper into wildling territory. We can't take a girl with us. Mormont wouldn't have it. And even if he would, what would we do with her? Who's gonna deliver her baby? You?
SAM: I could try. (Jon looks down, annoyed). What? I've read about it. A bit.
JON: I'm sorry Sam, we can't help her.
Jon sits back down, and returns to sharpening his sword. Sam walks away. When Sam is gone, Jon sighs deeply.
CUT TO: ESSOS
EXT. DESERT
The camera pans across Daenerys’s people, many of whom appear tired and weak. Jorah and Daenerys sit near each other. After looking out for a few moments, Jorah takes a sip of his water, and then sighs. Then a horse can be heard approaching. Jorah looks up at it, and it is shown to be riderless.
JORAH: Khaleesi.
Daenerys looks up at the horse. Jorah gets up. The horse is covered in red paint. Jorah walks over to it. A soaking wet sack is attached to it. Some hair can be seen poking out of the top. Flies can be heard buzzing. Jorah feels the hair, and Daenerys gets up from where she was sitting to approach the horse. Jorah pulls the object in the sack out a little bit by the hair, revealing it to be a human head. He then puts it back in the sack. Jorah picks up the ponytail of the head, which has been cut off.
JORAH: You don't need to see this.
DAENERYS: He is blood of my blood.
Daenerys looks in the sack, and then quickly looks away.
DAENERYS: Who did this?
JORAH: Khal Pono perhaps, Khal Jhaqo They don't like the idea of a woman leading a Khalasaar.
DAENERYS: They will like it far less when I'm done with them.
Irri walks over and sees the head. She then falls to her knees, crying.
IRRI: No! (Speaking Dothraki, to Daenerys) They killed his soul!
DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Shh. They cannot kill his soul.
IRRI: (Speaking Dothraki) They did! They butchered him like an animal. They did not burn his body. (Daenerys kneels to Irri’s level). He can never join his ancestors in the night lands.
DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) Shh. We will build him a funeral pyre.
Daenerys looks up at Jorah. Jorah looks down. Daenerys addresses Irri again, holding her head.
DAENERYS: (Speaking Dothraki) And I promise you, Rakharo will ride with his ancestors tonight.
Daenerys continues to comfort Irri as she cries. Irri wails loudly.
CUT TO: IRON ISLANDS
EXT. BOAT
Theon stands on a boat, looking out at the Iron Islands. He smiles. The camera then cuts to him below deck. A naked woman lies in his bed. He walks towards the windows.
WOMAN: Is it as you remember my lord?
THEON: (Removes his jacket). Looks smaller.
WOMAN: Everything looks bigger when you're a child. I remember my father's cabin, felt like a palace when I was little. Now look at it.
THEON: (Removes more of his clothes). They'll be waiting for me on the docks.
WOMAN: Who will?
THEON: Anyone who matters, (Takes off his shirt), this is a big day for them. They haven't had much to get excited about since I left. It's a hard place the Iron Islands always has been. It's cold and it's wet.
WOMAN: I love the cold and wet.
THEON: They say hard places breed hard men, (Unbuttons his pants), and hard men rule the world.
WOMAN: Then you'll be king before long.
THEON: (Kneels down). Try smiling with your lips closed. (She does). Hmm, better.
Theon stands up and roughly pushes her back onto the bed.
WOMAN: My father doesn't trust you Iron islanders.
THEON: (Taking off his pants). I don't blame him.
WOMAN: He says that you're all reavers and rapers. And that no matter how many women you have, you'll never be satis-
The woman groans as they begin having sex.
THEON: Quit talking about your father. He's right about us. Our wives from the Iron Islands, they're for breeding. That's not enough for us. That's why we take saltwives, from the women we capture.
WOMAN: Capture me! Take me with you when you go ashore. Make me your saltwife.
THEON: Your place is on this ship.
WOMAN: Not after you leave. Father will punish me. He'll call me a whore.
THEON: I haven't paid you.
Theon flips her over, and they continue having sex.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
INT. BROTHEL
A prostitute and a man are having sex. A man is watching them through a small hole, while he himself is getting a blowjob. He holds some keys in his hand, which are jingling as he pushes the prostitute’s head. Baelish, in turn, is watching this man. He hears a noise and turns around, then covers the hole he was watching through. A man emerges from another room. A woman can be heard crying from inside.
MAN: I barely touched her. And you charge twice as much as every other brothel. And this is what I get, crying.
BAELISH: One moment, my friend. A moment.
Baelish snaps his fingers, and a woman emerges from another room, covered only in gold jewelry. Out of sight, Baelish wipes some semen from her face with a cloth, and then turns back to the disgruntled man.
BAELISH: Please accept my sincerest apologies. Ramka will take good care of you.
Upon seeing Ramka, the man smiles. As they begin to kiss passionately, Baelish goes to investigate the crying woman. He enters the room to see Roz, curled up on the bed, crying. He walks over to her, putting a hand on her back, and then sits next to her.
ROZ: I’m sorry, my lord.
BAELISH: Shhh. Did he hurt you?
ROZ: No, my lord… It’s Mhaegen.
BAELISH: Who?
ROZ: She works for you. She's the one, the girl whose, they killed her baby.
BAELISH: Ah, yes, that was poorly handled. Sometimes those with the most power have the least grace.
ROZ: Can't stop thinking about it, I can't sleep. Her poor little baby.
BAELISH: You know, you remind me of another girl. A lovely thing I once acquired from an Elysium pleasure house. Beautiful, like yourself, and intelligent as yourself. But she wasn't happy. She cried, often. I asked her why but, we didn't have the kind of rapport that you and I have. Yes, it was quite sad. Girls from Elysium pleasure houses are expensive. Extremely expensive. And this one wasn't making me any money. I hate bad investments. Really, I do. They haunt me. I had no idea how to make her happy, no idea how to mitigate my losses. A very wealthy patron, he offered me a tremendous amount of money to let him transform this lovely, sad girl. To use her in ways that never occur to most men. And you know what occurs to most men. I would not say he succeeded in making her happy but my losses were definitely mitigated. (Stands up). Take tonight off to mourn Mhaegen’s child. I’ll see you tomorrow. But you’ll be happy? (Roz nods and smiles). That makes me happy.
INT. DINING ROOM
PODRICK: More wine?
The scene begins zoomed in on Podrick pouring Janos a glass of wine. He then spills, and we see Tyrion and Janos sitting at a table.
JANOS: Damn it, boy!
PODRICK: Apologies, my lord.
TYRION: Leave us, Podrick. I believe we know how to pour our own wine.
JANOS: (Podrick leaves). Is that your new squire? Could have found you a proper lad.
TYRION: Myself, I prefer the improper ones.
JANOS: Hmm, that's a good red. Dornish?
TYRION: You know your wines, my lord.
JANOS: That I do. A fine dinner, my lord.
TYRION: Call me Tyrion, please. I'm sure you're getting used to fine dinners, now that you're a lord.
JANOS: Maybe I'll hire this cook of yours.
TYRION:Wars have been started for less.
They both laugh. Janos sips his wine.
TYRION: I heard there was some trouble in Littlefinger's brothel the other night.
JANOS: Hmm. Nasty business, had to be done.
TYRION: Yes, of course. City Watch must keep the peace. Only, I hadn't realized peace depended on killing babies.
JANOS: Orders are orders.
TYRION: Quite right. Especially the queen's orders.
JANOS: I never said they were the queen's orders.
TYRION: No, but who else would want to murder King Robert's bastards? She's always been a jealous woman.
JANOS: You know your sister better than I do.
TYRION: You've heard the awful rumors about my brother and sister.
JANOS: I don't listen to filth.
TYRION: That's good of you, but you have heard them. I suppose people who do believe that filth, consider Robert's bastards to be better claimants to the throne than Cersei's children.
JANOS: Joffrey is my king, the rest doesn't interest me. (Sips his wine).
TYRION: I appreciate your loyalty. Tell me.
When your men slaughtered Ned Stark's men in the throne room, did you give the order?
JANOS: I did. And I would again. The man was a traitor. He tried to buy my loyalty.
TYRION: The fool! He had no idea you were already bought.
JANOS: Are you drunk? I'll not have my honor questioned by an Imp.
TYRION: I'm not questioning your honor, Lord Janos. I'm denying its existence.
JANOS: You think I'll stand here and take this from you, dwarf.
TYRION: Dwarf? You should have stopped at imp. And yes, you will stand here and take it from me, unless you'd like to take it from my friend here.
Tyrion gestures towards Bronn, who has appeared in the room.
TYRION: I intend to serve as Hand of the King until my father returns from the war, and seeing as you betrayed the last Hand of the King, well, I just wouldn't feel safe with you lurking about.
TYRION: The queen regent. And you're a fool to believe she's your friend.
JANOS: We shall hear what Joffrey has to say about this.
TYRION: No, we shan't.
Tyrion nods at Bronn, who gestures for some armed men to enter the room.
TYRION: There's a ship leaving for East Watch by the sea tonight. From there, I'm afraid it's rather a long walk to Castle Black. I hope you enjoy the Wall. I found it surprisingly beautiful, in a brutal, horribly uncomfortable sort of way.
BRONN: The lads will escort you. The streets aren't safe at night, my lord.
JANOS: These men are under my command. (Bronn laughs). I command you to arrest this cutthroat.
TYRION: His name is Bronn... and he is the new commander of the City Watch.
BRONN: Boys?
The gold cloaks in the room escort Janos out. Janos begins shouting as they take him.
JANOS: I have friends at court! Powerful friends! The king himself made me a lord!
Janos is escorted out of view. Bronn sits down, and Tyrion pours him a cup of wine.
TYRION: To the new Commander.
Tyrion and Bronn clink their glasses together. Then they both sip.
TYRION: If I told you to murder, an infant girl say, still at her mother's breast, would you do it without question?
BRONN: Without question? No. I'd ask how much.
CUT TO: WOODS
EXT. CAMP NEXT TO A RIVER
Gendry gathers some water in a bucket. Lommy and Hot Pie sit next to the river, washing things. Arya sits away from them, doing the same.
LOMMY: If they come back, I say we yield. Gendry's the one they want. I don't want to get caught in the middle of a battle.
HOT PIE: I'm not afraid of no battles.
ARYA: If you got within a mile of a battle, you'd fill your pants.
HOT PIE: I've seen lots of battles. I saw -
ARYA: Liar.
HOT PIE: I saw a man kill another man just outside a tavern in Flea Bottom. Stabbed him right in the neck.
LOMMY: Two men fighting isn't a battle.
HOT PIE: They had armor on.
ARYA: So?
HOT PIE: So, if they got armor on, it's a battle.
LOMMY: No, it isn't.
HOT PIE: What's a dyer's apprentice know about battles anyway?
ARYA: (Gendry walks over to get more water). Gendry's an armorer's apprentice. Hot Pie, tell Gendry what makes it a battle.
HOT PIE: (Hesitates) It's when they've got armor on.
GENDRY: Now who told you that.
HOT PIE: A knight?
GENDRY: How'd you know he was a knight?
HOT PIE: Well, cause he got armor on.
GENDRY: You don't have to be a knight to have armor. Any idiot can buy armor. (Arya smiles).
HOT PIE: How'd you know?
GENDRY: ‘Cause I sold armor.
Lommy nudges Hot Pie, and they both get up and leave. Arya stops washing and stands up, walking over to Gendry.
ARYA: What do the gold cloaks want with you?
GENDRY: (Turning around) No idea.
ARYA: You're a liar.
GENDRY: (Walking to camp fire). You shouldn't insult people that are bigger than you.
ARYA: Then I wouldn't get to insult anyone. (Follows him).
GENDRY:  Well, I don’t care what any of them want. No good's ever come of their questions.
ARYA: No good's ever come? Who asked questions before?
GENDRY: How can someone so small be such a huge pain in my ass?
ARYA: Who asked questions?
GENDRY: The Hand of the King. Er, hands of the King. Lord Arryn came first, a few weeks before he died. And then Lord Stark came, a few weeks before he died.
ARYA: Lord Stark.
GENDRY: See? Asking me questions is bad luck. (Walks back to river). You'll probably be dead soon.
ARYA: What did they ask about?
GENDRY: My mom.
ARYA: Who's your mom?
GENDRY: Just my mom. Worked in a tavern. Died when I was little.
ARYA: And who was your father?
GENDRY: He could be one of those gold-hatted bastards, for all I know. What about you, anyway? You thought they were after you, why? Did you kill someone, or is it just because you're a girl?
ARYA: I'm not a girl!
GENDRY: (Walks back to camp fire). Yes you are. You think I'm as stupid as the rest of them?
ARYA: Stupider. Night's Watch doesn't take girls, everyone knows that.
GENDRY: That's true. You're still a girl.
ARYA: I am not!
GENDRY: Well, pull your cock out and take a piss then.
ARYA: I don't need to take a piss… Lommy and Hot Pie can’t know. No one can know.
GENDRY: They won't. Not from me.
ARYA: My name's not Arry. It's Arya. Of House Stark. Yoren is taking me home to Winterfell.
GENDRY: He was your father. The Hand. The traitor.
ARYA: He was never a traitor! Joffrey is a liar.
GENDRY: So you're a highborn, then. You're a lady.
ARYA: No. I mean yes. My mother was a lady, and my sister -
GENDRY: You were a lord's daughter and you lived in a castle. Look, all that about cocks. I should never have said that. I've been pissing in front of you and everything. I should be calling you milady.
ARYA: Do not call me milady.
GENDRY: As milady commands. (Arya pushes him). Well, that was unladylike.
Arya pushes Gendry to the ground. He laughs, and she stomps off.
CUT TO: IRON ISLANDS
EXT. DOCKSThe scene starts with a wide shot of the busy docks. Theon stands in a rowboat as is comes up against the side of a wall. He gets out and walks up some stairs. An old man spots him.
MAN: What you carrying?
THEON: Pears and oranges. Wine from the Arbor. And the heir to Pyke of the Iron Islands. (The man makes no response). The only living son of Balon Greyjoy. (The man continues to make no response). Me.
MAN: Don't like wine. Woman's drink. (Returns to his work).
THEON: I need to get to Pyke.
The man looks up, but makes no move or response. Theon looks annoyed and pulls out some coins.
MAN: I'll find you a horse.
The man takes the coins and walks away. Theon watches as the rowboat that took him there leaves. He looks down.
YARA: I'm heading that way. I can take you there.
THEON: I bet you can.
YARA: You been at sea long? Or were there just no women where you came from?
THEON: None like you.
YARA: You don't know what I'm like.
THEON: You don't know what you're like. You need someone to teach you. Know who I am?
YARA: You think I offer free rides to every man in jewelry. Lord Greyjoy.
Yara and Theon pass the man as they are walking. He is leading a horse. Theon gives him some more coins.
THEON: Have my things sent up to the castle.
EXT. BEACH
Yara and Theon ride on horseback on a beach. Yara is at the reins.
THEON: You should give me the reins, I'm a better rider than you. I've been on horseback for the last nine years.
YARA: Nine years. Do you still know your way around a ship? Have these hands ever touched a rope?
THEON: Don't you worry about my hands. (Theon begins fondling her). The sea's in my blood.
YARA: Your blood will be in the sea if I don't watch where I'm going.
THEON: I have a proposal for my father. One that will make him king again. And me after him. You may stay at the castle tonight, if you're lucky.
YARA: Is that an offer from my future king?
THEON: An order, from your future king. You can tell your grandchildren about this night.
YARA: I don't imagine it will be a story fit for children.
As they approach the castle, the camera pans up to view it in its entirety.
INT. INSIDE PYKE
Balon sits in front of a fireplace. Theon enters the room.
THEON: Father.
BALON: Nine years, is it? They took a frightened boy. What have they given back?
THEON: A man. Your blood and your heir.
BALON: We shall see. Stark had you longer than I did.
THEON: Lord Stark is gone.
BALON: And how do you feel about that?
THEON: What's done is done. I've brought you a proposal from Robb Stark.
BALON: Who gave you those clothes? (Stands up).  Was it Ned Stark's pleasure to make you his daughter?
THEON: If my clothes offend you, I will change them.
BALON: It will. (Begins walking forward). That bauble around your neck. Did you pay the iron price for it or the gold? (Theon looks down). I asked a question. Did you pull it from the neck of a corpse you made or did you buy it to match your fine clothes? Iron or gold?
THEON: Gold.
Balon reaches out and rips the bauble off. Theon’s cloak falls to the ground.
BALON: I'll not have my son dressed as a whore. (Balon walks towards the fireplace and looks into it). My fears have come true. The Starks have made you theirs.
THEON: (Steps forward). My blood is salt and iron.
BALON: Yet, (Turns around), the Stark boy sends you to me like a trained raven, clutching his message.
THEON: The offer he makes, is one I proposed.
BALON: He heeds your counsel?
THEON: I've lived with him, hunted with him, fought at his side, he thinks of me as a brother.
BALON: No, not here, (Walks forward), not in my hearing, you will not name him brother. This son of the man who put your true brothers to the sword. Or have you forgotten your own blood?
THEON: I forget nothing. I remember my brothers. And I remember when my father was a king.
Theon holds a letter out. Balon takes it and turns around. He then unfurls it and reads it.
BALON: I see. I destroy Robb Stark's enemies for him and he will make me King of the Iron Islands once again.
THEON: I will lead the attack myself.
BALON: Oh, you will?
THEON: I'm your son. Your only living heir. Who else?
Someone enters the room. Balon looks behind Theon, and he turns to look as well.
THEON: I told you to wait outside. (The person who entered is revealed to be Yara). How did you get past the guards?
YARA: Anything with a cock is easy to fool.
BALON: (Puts his arm around her). My dear.
THEON: Yara?
YARA: So good to see you, brother. This is a homecoming I'll tell my grandchildren about.
THEON: She can't lead an attack!
BALON: And why not?
THEON: You're a woman!
YARA: You're the one in skirts.
BALON: This isn't Winterfell, boy. Your sister took over command of your eldest brother's ship after your new father killed him.
ALL THREE: (Theon joins a little late). What's dead may never die.
The only night she's spent off these islands has been spent on the sea. She's commanded men. She's killed men. She knows who she is.
Balon leans down and burns the letter in the fire. Yara smirks at Theon.
BALON: (Watching the letter burn in his hand). No man gives me a crown. I pay the iron price. I will take my crown. (Throws the letter in the fire). That is who I am. That is who we have always been.
Balon walks away. Yara follows him. Theon turns around to watch them leave.
THEON: You won't stand a chance against the Lannisters on your own.
BALON:Who said anything about the Lannisters?
CUT TO: DRAGONSTONE
EXT. BEACH
Davos and Salladhor Saan walk on a beach. Matthos follows closely behind them..
DAVOS: You'll have your gold when we take the treasury at King's Landing.
SAAN: All these kings fighting for the throne, and this Stannis has the smallest army. Why would I bet on the man with the worst chance?
DAVOS: Because you're a smart gambler. Stannis has proved himself in war. Twice. His baby brother has never set foot on a battlefield. Neither has the false king, Joffrey.
SAAN: And yet, they both have larger armies.
DAVOS: Stannis has just begun the fight. His bannermen will rally to his cause. There's no man in the Seven Kingdoms more honorable than Stannis Baratheon. Or more worthy of loyalty.
SAAN: What is the world coming to when smugglers must vouch for the honor of kings.
MATTHOS: Mind your words, pirate. (They all stop walking).
DAVOS: Matthos.
SAAN: You think I'm insulted? I am a pirate. I'm an excellent pirate. I don't sail for promises.
DAVOS: Of course you do. Every time you leave harbor, you're leaving on a promise. A promise that somewhere on the seas, somebody's got some gold and you can take it from them.
SAAN: That's a promise that always comes true.
DAVOS: As is mine. You're not the young man, Salladhor. And correct me if I'm wrong: Most pirates don't grow old.
SAAN: Only the clever ones.
DAVOS: You want to spend your last few years on the sea, stealing from Pentoshi cheesemongers and Midanese silk merchants, then go. They're out there waiting for you. That's easy. What I'm offering you is hard. Come with me and plunder the greatest city in Westeros. You'll be the richest man in Lysene. And the most famous. They'll be singing songs about you as long as men have voices to sing.
SAAN: Salladhor Saan is a good name for songs.
DAVOS: It is. (Matthos rolls his eyes).
SAAN: One thing, I want the queen.
DAVOS: The queen?
SAAN: Cersei, I want her. I'll sail with your fleet, all 30 of my ships, and if we don't drown at the bottom of Blackwater Bay, I will fuck this blonde queen and I will fuck her well.
MATTHOS: This war isn't about you. We're not attacking King's Landing so that you can rape the queen.
SAAN: I'm not going to rape her, I'm going to fuck her.
MATTHOS: As if she would just let you!
SAAN: You don't know how persuasive I am. I never tried to fuck you.
MATTHOS: Stannis is the rightful king, and the Lord of Light. The one true god.
SAAN: I've been all over the world, my boy, and everywhere I go, people tell me about the true god. They all think they found the right one. The one true god is what's between a woman's legs, and better yet a queen's legs.
Matthos walks away angrily. Saan turns back to Davos.
SAAN: I never thought you'd have a true believer for a son.
DAVOS: He's young yet. I promise you the gold. I promise you the glory. I cannot promise you the queen.
MATTHOS: You believe your king can win?
DAVOS: He is the one true king.
SAAN: You Westerosee are funny people. A man chops off your fingers and you fall in love with him. (They laugh). I'll sail with you, Davos Seaworth. You are the most honest smuggler I ever met. Make me rich.
DAVOS: Get me to the gates of King's Landing and I will.
They shake hands. Davos pats Saan on the back as he walks away. Saan and Matthos eye each other as Saan walks past. Matthos walks back over to his father.
MATTHOS: When will the King have a sail?
DAVOS: As soon as his God wills it.
MATTHOS: He's my God too, and yours. But you were too blind to see. (As they walk). Let me teach you how to read.
DAVOS: Oh you and your mother.
MATTHOS: It won't take long. You already know the letters. The holy books are much more persuasive than I can be.
DAVOS: I wish I had a God, truly! I'm not mocking you, but I've seen men pray to every God there is. Pray for wind, pray for rain, pray for home. None of it works!
MATTHOS: But you always came home.
DAVOS: I wasn't praying.
MATTHOS: (They reach their horses). But I was. Every night that you were at sea, I lit a candle and I prayed, for you.
DAVOS: You want me to have a god, fine. King Stannis is my god. He raised me up and blessed me with his trust. He gave you a future I could never have imagined. You know how to read, you'll be a knight someday. You think your fire god commanded all that? It was Stannis. Only Stannis.
MATTHOS: (As Davos is mounting his horse). Stannis is my king, but he's only a man.
DAVOS: Don't tell him that.
Davos rides away and Matthos watches. In the background, Saan’s boat is in the water.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
INT. TYRION’S ROOM
Tyrion sits at a table with a cup of wine. Cersei paces in front of him.
CERSEI: Lord Janos Slynt was Commander of the City Watch. You had no right to exile him.
TYRION: I have every right. I am the King's Hand.
CERSEI: You're serving as the King's Hand until father gets here. I am Queen Regent.
TYRION: Listen to me, Queen Regent, you're losing the people. Do you hear me?
CERSEI: Ha, the people. You think I care?
TYRION: You might find it difficult to rule over millions who want you dead. Half the city will starve when winter comes. The other half will plot to overthrow you. And your gold-plated thugs just gave them the rallying cry, “The Queen slaughters babies.” (Cersei says nothing). You don't even have the decency to deny it.
Cersei looks down and walks toward the window. Tyrion looks down, and then up at her.
TYRION: It wasn't you who gave the order, was it? Joffrey didn't even tell you. Or did he tell you? I imagine that would be even worse.
CERSEI: He did what needed to be done. (Now loudly). You want to be the Hand of the King? You want to rule? This is what ruling is! Lying on a bed of weeds, ripping them out by the root one by one before they strangle you in your sleep.
TYRION: I'm no king, but I think there's more to ruling that that.
CERSEI: I don't care what you think! You've never taken it seriously. You haven't, Jaime hasn't. (Sits down). It's all fallen on me.
TYRION: (Tries not to laugh). As has Jaime repeatedly, according to Stannis Baratheon.
CERSEI: You're funny. (Laughs). You've always been funny. But none of your jokes will ever match the first one, will they? You remember... back when you ripped my mother open on your way out of her and she bled to death.
TYRION: She was my mother too.
CERSEI: Now they're gone, for the sake of you. There's no bigger joke in the world than that. (Storms out).
CUT TO: DRAGONSTONE
INT. DRAGONSTONE KEEP
Davos moves some ships around on a model map of Westeros as Matthos looks on. Stannis enters with Melisandre.
DAVOS: Your Grace.
MATTHOS: Your Grace.
STANNIS: How did it fare with your pirate?
DAVOS: Salladhor Saan will join our fleet. 30 ships. His men know how to fight.
STANNIS: In my experience, pirates prefer fighting unarmed men.
DAVOS: Does seem the wiser choice.
STANNIS: It won't be a choice this time. Do you trust him?
DAVOS: Salladhor Saan is an old friend, I've known him 30 years. I've never trusted him.
But once he gets the smell of gold, he never stops.
STANNIS: Well if he does his job, he'll have his share. Leave us.
DAVOS: At once, Your Grace.
Davos walks away, followed by Matthos. As Matthos passes her, Melisandre stops him.
MELISANDRE: The Lord of Light shines through you, young warrior.
She then whispers something in his ear. When she is done, Matthos and Davos leave the room.
DAVOS: Come.
STANNIS: What did you say to him?
MELISANDRE: I told him death by fire is the purest death.
STANNIS: Why?
MELISANDRE: Because it is true. You're troubled my king.
STANNIS: Yeah.
MELISANDRE: These armies are but toys for the Lord of Light.
STANNIS: Tell your lord to burn them then.
MELISANDRE: I tell him nothing! I pray for his commands and I obey.
STANNIS: My little brother has a hundred thousand men according to the scouts. Men whose allegiance rightly belongs to me.
MELISANDRE: You must have faith.
STANNIS: Faith? In a real war, the side with the greater number wins nine times out of ten.
MELISANDRE: Then we must be the ten.
STANNIS: I cannot defeat my brother in the field, and I can't take King's Landing without the men he stole.
MELISANDRE: I have seen the path to victory in the flames. At first, you must give yourself to the Lord of Light.
STANNIS: I've said the words, damn you! I burnt the idols.
MELISANDRE: You must give... all of yourself.
Melisandre disrobes next to Stannis. He looks over and then looks away.
STANNIS: I have a wife. I took a vow.
MELISANDRE: She's sick. Weak. Shut away in the tower. And she disgusts you. And she's given you nothing. No sons. Only stillborns. Only death. (Whispers in his ear). I will give you a son, my King.
STANNIS: (Gasps). A son?
They begin kissing. Melisandre takes off what remained of her clothes. Stannis lays her on the table and they begin having sex, knocking many of the wooden models off of the table.
CUT TO: BEYOND THE WALL
EXT. CRASTER’S KEEP
Jon is sitting by a fire. He hears a noise and looks behind himself, seeing Craster walking away from the camp with a baby. Jon gets up to follow Craster and investigate, and walks into the woods. He begins hearing strange noises, and hides when he sees Craster walking back, without the baby. When Craster is out of sight, he runs in the direction Craster came from. He sees a figure lean down and pick up the baby. He is then startled by Craster, who puts his hand on Jon’s shoulder, and then knocks Jon out.
BEYOND THE WALL
INT. CRASTER'S KEEP at night
CRASTER crashes though the door and throws JON on the floor. JEOR and the Night's Watch leap to their feet.
CRASTER: Out, all of you. This bastard's been meddling where he shouldn't! I want you and your men gone. And you will make this right.
JON spits.
JEOR: Wait outside.
JON: Lord Commander
JEOR: Now!
Jon leaves.
EXT: CRASTER'S KEEP at night
Jeor strides through camp until he finds Jon and Sam.
SAM: Lord Commander
JEOR: Leave us.
SAM leaves
JEOR: What did you do?
JON: I followed him. He took the baby into the woods, the newborn.
JEOR: What business is that of yours?
JON: No, you don't understand. He's killing them, all the boys.
JEOR stares back mutely.
JON: You know.
JEOR: Wildlings serve crueler gods than you or I. Those boys are Craster's offerings.
JON: Offerings? He's murdering his own children. He's a monster.
JEOR: Aye, many a time that monster has been the difference between life and death for our rangers, your uncle among them. We have other wars to fight out there. Like it or not, we need men like Craster.
JON: I saw it. I saw something take that child.
JEOR: Yeah. Whatever it was, I daresay you'll see it again. Now, ready my horse. We leave at dawn.
JEOR hands JON his sword.
JEOR: Don't lose it again.
EXT: CRASTER'S KEEP the next morning
SAM arranges some crates. GILLY walks by and SAM follows her.
SAM: Gilly.
GILLY: You're leaving.
SAM: I I wanted to give you something. It belonged to my mother.
GILLY: I can't take it.
SAM: Please. I want you to. My mother used it for sewing. She'd let me sit with her in her chamber while she sewed and I'd read to her. My father put a stop to it when he found out. It's the only thing I have of hers. She gave it to me before I left for the Wall.
GILLY: You You shouldn't give it away.
SAM: I'm not giving it away. I'm giving it to you. Keep it safe for me. Till I come back.
Gilly takes the thimble, grabs her basket and flees. Sam smiles.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
EXT: Winterfell.
The day begins in Winterfell. Maester Luwin encounters Hodor.
HODOR: Hodor
LUWIN: Hodor. Rouse Bran, will you? It's time for his lessons.
INT: Winterfell.
Bran wakes from a dream to find Hodor and Summer in his room.
BRAN: Every night it's the same. I'm walking and running, but I'm not I'm not me. I'm running through the godswood, sniffing the dirt, tasting blood in my mouth when I've made a fresh kill, howling. Old Nan used to tell me stories about magical people who could live inside stags, birds, wolves.
BRAN: So she was lying? They don't exist?
LUWIN: Well, they may have done. But they're gone from the world, along with much else. These are dreams, Bran, nothing more.
BRAN: No, my dreams are different. Mine are true. I dreamt of my father dying. And Rickon had the same dream.
LUWIN: What about all the dreams you had that didn't come true? Hmm? Right.
Luwin shows his chain to Bran.
LUWIN: This link is made of Valyrian steel. Only one maester in 100 wears it on his chain. It signifies that I have studied the higher mysteries. And all who study these mysteries try their hand at spells. I was no different. I was young. And what boy doesn't secretly wish for hidden powers to lift him out of his dull life into a special one? But in the end, for all my efforts, I got no more out of it than a thousand boys before me. Come on.
LUWIN tucks BRAN into bed.
LUWIN: All right. Maybe magic once was a mighty force in the world. But not anymore. The dragons are gone. The giants are dead. And the Children of the Forest forgotten.
CUT TO: STORMLANDS
EXT: Renly's war camp
An exhibition fight between two armored knights (actually LORAS and BRIENNE) ensues, with RENLY and MARGAERY watching on. CATELYN and COLEN OF GREENPOOLS enter and watch from among the crowd. LORAS lands a solid blow.
MARGAERY: Loras! Highgarden!
MAN: Get him!
BRIENNE lifts LORAS and takes him to the ground, then draws a dagger to his face. MARGAERY stands nervously.
CROWD: Oh!
LORAS: Yield! I yield.
MARGAERY sits, disappointed.
RENLY: Well fought. Approach.
BRIENNE approaches first and kneels while LORAS looks on.
RENLY: Rise. Remove your helm.
BRIENNE removes her helm to reveal her identity to the crowd.
RENLY: You are all your father promised and more, my lady. I've seen Ser Loras bested once or twice, but never quite in that fashion.
MARGAERY: Now, now, my love. My brother fought valiantly for you.
RENLY: That he did, my queen. But there can only be one champion. Brienne of Tarth, you may ask anything of me you desire. If it is within my power, it is yours.
BRIENNE: Your Grace, I ask the honor of a place in your Kingsguard.
RENLY: What?
The crowd gasps.
BRIENNE: I will be one of your seven, pledge my life to yours, and keep you safe from all harm.
RENLY: Done. Rise, Brienne of the Kingsguard.
The crowd applauds.
COLEN: Your Grace, I have the honor to bring you Lady Catelyn Stark, sent as an envoy by her son Robb, Lord of Winterfell.
CATELYN: Lord of Winterfell and King in the North.
RENLY: Lady Catelyn. I'm pleased to see you. May I present my wife, Margaery of House Tyrell?
MARGAERY: You are very welcome here, Lady Stark. I'm so sorry for your loss.
CATELYN: You are most kind.
RENLY: My lady, I swear to you I will see the Lannisters answer for your husband's murder. When I take King's Landing, I'll bring you Joffrey's head.
The crowd roars and Renly looks uncomfortable.
CATELYN: It will be enough to know that justice was done, my lord. Your Grace.
BRIENNE: And you should kneel when you approach the King.
RENLY: There's no need for that. Lady Stark is an honored guest.
LORAS: Has your son marched against Tywin Lannister yet?
CATELYN: I do not sit on my son's war councils. And if I did, I would not share his strategies with you.
LORAS: If Robb Stark wants a pact with us, he should come himself, not hide behind his mother's skirts.
CATELYN: My son is fighting a war, not playing at one.
Renly chuckles, stands and walks to Catelyn.
RENLY: Don't worry, my lady. Our war is just beginning.
EXT: Renly's war camp
Renly and Catelyn walk side by side, with Brienne behind them. They encounter a man with a horse
GERARD: Your Grace.
RENLY: Gerard. How's your foot?
GERARD: Better, Your Grace. They don't know their own size is all.
RENLY: Good man.
They continue walking.
RENLY: I have 100,000 men at my command. All the might of the Stormlands and the Reach.
CATELYN: And all of them young and bold like your Knight of Flowers? It's a game to you, isn't it?  I pity them.
RENLY: Why?
CATELYN: Because it won't last. Because they are the knights of summer and winter is coming.
RENLY: Brienne, escort Lady Catelyn to her tent. She's tired from her journey.
BRIENNE: At once, Your Grace. Shall I return after?
RENLY:  That won't be necessary. I would pray awhile. Alone.
Renly departs. Brienne and Catelyn continue together.
BRIENNE: If you'll follow me, my lady.
CATELYN: You fought bravely today, Lady Brienne.
BRIENNE: I fought for my king. Soon I'll fight for him on the battlefield. Die for him if I must. And, if it please you, Brienne's enough. I'm no lady.
CUT TO: IRON ISLANDS
INT: Throne room
Theon looks around the throne room. Yara appears from the shadows behind him.
THEON: What are you doing here?
YARA:I live here. Are you angry with me, brother?
THEON: You lying bitch.
YARA: It's not my fault you didn't recognize me.
THEON: Recognize you? How could I? The last time I saw you you looked like a fat little boy.
YARA: You were a fat little boy, too, but I recognized you.
THEON: Why didn't you tell me?
YARA: I wanted to see who you were first. And I did.
Balon enters.
BALON: The plans are made. It's time you heard them.
YARA: Father.
THEON: Father.
The look over a map of Westeros.
BALON: The wolf pup has gone south with the entirety of the Northern army at his back. While he's tangling with the lion in the Westerlands, the North is ripe for the taking. The ironborn will reave and pillage, as it was in the old days, all along the northern coast. We'll spread our dominion across the green lands, securing the Neck and everything above. Every stronghold will yield to us, one by one. Winterfell may defy us for a year, but what of it? The rest shall be ours, forest, field, and hall. Yara, my daughter, you'll take 30 longships to attack Deepwood Motte.
YARA: I've always wanted a castle.
THEON: And what's my role in all this?
BALON: You'll take a ship to raid the fishing villages on the Stoney Shore.
THEON: A ship? You give her 30 and I get one?
YARA:The Sea Bitch. We thought she'd be perfect for you.
THEON: I'm to fight fishermen?
YARA: Be careful of their nets.
THEON: Father, I fought with Robb Stark. I know his men. He won't give up the North so easily.
THEON: What do you know of it, woman? I'm a proven warrior.
BALON: Your brothers were warriors, both of them dead at the hands of those you seem so eager to protect.
THEON: I'm not protecting anyone. I just wonder if it's not wiser to wait. Why risk going against the North if they would be our allies? Rise up against them and they could destroy us. But if we pledge fealty to them, they'll give us Casterly Rock.
BALON: What are our words? Our words?
THEON: We do not sow.
BALON: We do not sow. We are ironborn. We're not subjects. We're not slaves. We do not plow the fields or toil in the mine. We take what is ours. Your time with the wolves has made you weak.
THEON: You act as if I volunteered to go. You gave me away, if you remember. The day you bent the knee to Robert Baratheon. After he crushed you. Did you take what was yours then?
BALON slaps THEON, who falls back.
THEON: You gave me away! Your boy! Your last boy! You gave me away like I was some dog you didn't want anymore. And now you curse me because I've come home.
BALON exits.
YARA: You'd have our father bow down to your other family?
THEON: I have no other family.
YARA: Don't you? Make your choice, Theon, and do it quickly. Our ships sail with or without you.
Yara leaves.
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING
INT: Tyrion's Chambers
Shae paces while Tyrion reads some parchment.
SHAE: You won't let me leave this room. You won't let me -
TYRION: Keep your voice down.
SHAE: Why? You think your father can hear me? He's 300 miles away!
TYRION: I don't intend for you to stay here. I might be able to bring you into the castle kitchens. Again, only temporary.
SHAE: Every man who has tasted my cooking has told me what a good whore I am.
TYRION: But you wouldn't be a cook. You'd pose as a scullion.
SHAE: Scullion? What is a scullion?
TYRION: Kitchen wench.
SHAE: A kitchen wench?
TYRION: Yes, but
SHAE: Cleaning pots? Is that how my lion wants to see me?
TYRION: Your lion wants to see you alive. We've come to a dangerous place. My sister wants to hurt me. She'll look for any weakness she can find. She can't know about you.
SHAE: I'm the weakness?
TYRION: It's a compliment, my lady.
SHAE: How is being a weakness a compliment?
TYRION: Language can be a bit tricky here.
SHAE: Oh. I'm too stupid to understand. The stupid foreign girl. I am not a kitchen wench.
Shae strides away from Tyrion. Tyrion looks down, exasperated.
INT: Dining Hall
Cersei dines awkwardly with Sansa, Tommen and Myrcella.
MYRCELLA: When will Joffrey and Sansa be married?
CERSEI: Soon, darling, when the war is over.
MYRCELLA: Mother says I'll have a new gown for the ceremony and another for the feast. But yours will be ivory, since you're the bride.
CERSEI: The princess just spoke to you.
SANSA: Pardon, Your Grace. I'm sure your dress will be beautiful, Myrcella. I'm counting the days until the fighting is done and I can pledge my love to the King in sight of the gods.
TOMMEN: Is Joffrey going to kill Sansa's brother?
CERSEI: He might. Would you like that?
TOMMEN: No. I don't think so.
CERSEI: Even if he does, Sansa will do her duty. Won't you, little dove?
Sansa looks dejected.
INT: Sansa's chambers at night.
Sansa continues to look dejected, this time into her mirror. There is a knock at the door.
SANSA: Come in.
Shae enters.
SANSA: Who are you?
SHAE: I'm Shae, My Lady. Your new handmaiden.
SANSA: I didn't know I needed a new handmaiden. You're not from here.
SHAE: No.
They pause.
SANSA: What are you doing?
SHAE: Waiting for you to tell me what to do.
SANSA: I shouldn't have to tell you to do things. You should just do them.
SHAE: What things?
SANSA: Change my linens, wash my clothing, scrub the floor, empty my chamber pot, brush my hair.
Shae closes the door and picks up a brush to comb Sansa's hair. Sansa stops her.
SANSA: No.
SHAE: You said to brush
SANSA: Not now.
SHAE: Your chamber pot is empty.
SANSA: Clean the table. Have you ever been a handmaiden before?
SHAE: Yes.
SANSA: For whom?
SHAE: Lady Zuriff.
SANSA: Lady Zuriff
SHAE: Lady Zuriff.
SANSA: There is no Lady Zuriff in this city.
SHAE: She wasn't in this city.
SANSA: I don't know how they did things in that city, but in this city, handmaidens wait on ladies, not the other way around. And I don't have time to answer a thousand questions and teach you how to do your job.
SHAE: Do you want me to leave?
SANSA: Just brush my hair.
Shae brushes her hair in silence.
INT: Tyrion's chambers, daytime.
Pycelle hands Tyrion some medicine.
TYRION: Oh! Thank the gods. I haven't had a proper shit in six days.
PYCELLE: I've encountered this problem before, my lord. The stresses of power often have this insalubrious effect. Two drops with water, daily.
TYRION: Right. I'm so grateful to have a man of your vast knowledge and wisdom on my side.
PYCELLE: Please. Thank you, my lord.
TYRION: I can trust you, Pycelle, can I not?
PYCELLE: Why, yes, of course, my lord.
TYRION: These are perilous times. And the crown must forge new alliances. And these alliances must often be sealed in matrimony.
PYCELLE: Matrimony, huh? Yes.
TYRION: I'm trusting the council with these plans, but the Queen mustn't know. We can't have her meddling in affairs that could determine the future of the realm. There's too much at stake.
PYCELLE: Oh, yes, yes. Indeed, yes. I shall be silent as the grave.
Tyrion walks to pour a drink.
TYRION: I'm brokering an alliance with House Martell of Dorne. Princess Myrcella will wed their youngest son when she comes of age, ensuring their loyalty and their army, should we need it.
PYCELLE: Myrcella sent away to Dorne?
INT: Tyrion's chambers, daytime, though we do not realize at first that it is later.
TYRION: But remember, the Queen mustn't know.
VARYS: Ooh. "The Queen mustn't know." I love conversations that begin this way.
TYRION: I plan to marry Princess Myrcella off to Theon Greyjoy.
VARYS: Theon Greyjoy? Forgive me, my lord, but how? He grew up a ward of Winterfell. He fights for Robb Stark.
TYRION: Precisely. Theon's father loathes the Starks and will convince the boy to come to our side. Greyjoy can destroy the Northern army from within and we can have his father's ships.
INT: Tyrion's chambers, again we do not realize at first that it is later.
TYRION: But remember, you must tell no one.
LITTLEFINGER: Tell no one what?
TYRION: I plan to wed Princess Myrcella to Robin Arryn of the Vale. Lysa is not fond of me. But perhaps the promise of a royal match will convince her to let bygones be bygones.
LITTLEFINGER: She imprisoned you. She tried to execute you. And you offer her son a princess?
TYRION: For men in our position, holding grudges can be an encumbrance, don't you think?
LITTLEFINGER: And I suppose you want me to broker this agreement?
TYRION: Who better?
Littlefinger walks as he ponders.
LITTLEFINGER: Yes, I could sing this song to Lysa, if I cared to. What's in it for me?
TYRION: The gratitude of the people of Westeros for helping to end this war, the adoration of the King for bringing the Vale back into the fold and Harrenhal.
LITTLEFINGER: Harrenhal is cursed.
TYRION: Never took you for a superstitious man. By all means, tear it down and rebuild. You'll be able to afford it. I plan to make you Lord of the Riverlands.
LITTLEFINGER: With a single stroke, you'd make me one of the greatest lords in the realm.
TYRION: You served my family well in the matter of the succession.
LITTLEFINGER: So did Janos Slynt, and he was given Harrenhal, too. Until you snatched it away.
TYRION: I need you to deliver Lysa Arryn. I didn't need Janos Slynt. It's settled, then?
LITTLEFINGER: (Nods.)
TYRION: Good. Oh. And remember
LITTLEFINGER: The Queen mustn't know.
Tyrion drinks deeply and Littlefinger ponders.
CUT TO: STORMLANDS
INT: Renly's chambers at night
Renly and Loras are kissing passionately. Renly brings Loras to the bed and sits astride him. He removes his own shirt, kisses him and undoes his shirt. He sees the heavy bruising on Loras's chest.
RENLY: That must hurt.
Loras refuses to kiss him, pouting.
RENLY: What? What is it?
LORAS: A member of the Kingsguard? As if I wasn't humiliated enough already.
RENLY: Brienne is a very capable warrior. And she's devoted to me. You're jealous.
LORAS: Jealous? Of Brienne the Beauty? Don't make me laugh.
RENLY: I'll make it up to you.
Renly moves to remove Loras's pants.
LORAS: No, Your Grace. Not tonight. There's another Tyrell who requires your attention. You didn't win my father's support or his army on charm alone.
Renly lies down, dejected, but then decides to try to seduce Loras one more time. Loras resists.
LORAS: Your vassals are starting to snigger behind your back. Brides aren't usually virgins two weeks after their wedding night.
RENLY: And Margaery's a virgin?
LORAS: Officially. Shall I bring her to you?
LORAS leaves the bed to get his sister.
INT: Renly's chambers, a bit later.
Renly pours and drinks some wine. Margaery enters.
RENLY: I should warn you, I've had quite a bit of wine.
MARGAERY: As is your right. You are a king.
RENLY: You look very beautiful.
MARGAERY: Thank you, Your Grace.
RENLY: It's a lovely gown.
MARGAERY: You think so? I can't decide how I like it better. This way, or this way.
MARGAERY removes her gown. Renly pauses, embarrassed.
RENLY:  You certainly don't need it.
MARGAERY starts kissing RENLY, but he resists and continues talking.
RENLY: Although, some say the beauty most desired is the beauty concealed.
MARGAERY hushes him and begins kissing again. She reaches to his groin, but is disappointed by his lack of excitement.
RENLY: Must be the wine.
MARGAERY: Here, let me.
She undoes his pants and tries to excite him.
RENLY: I'm sorry.
MARGAERY: Do you want my brother to come in and help?
RENLY: What?
MARGAERY: He could get you started. I know he wouldn't mind. Or I can turn over and you can pretend I'm him.
RENLY: I don't know what you're talking about.
MARGAERY: There's no need for us to play games. Save your lies for court. You're going to need a lot of them.
She sits next to him on the bed.
MARGAERY: Your enemies aren't happy about us. They want to tear us apart. And the best way to stop them is to put your baby in my belly. We can try again later. You decide how you want to do it, with me, with me and Loras, however else you like. Whatever you need to do. You are a king.
RENLY: (Sighs.)
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING
INT: Cersei's chambers, at night
CERSEl: You monster. Myrcella is my only daughter. Do you really think I'll let you sell her like a common whore?
TYRION: Myrcella's a princess. Some would say she was born for this.
CERSEI: I will not let you ship her off to Dorne as I was shipped off to Robert Baratheon.
TYRION: Dorne is the safest place for her.
CERSEI: Are you mad? The Martells loathe us.
TYRION: That's why we need to seduce them. We're going to need their support in the war your son started.
CERSEI: She'll be a hostage.
TYRION: A guest.
CERSEI: You won't get away with this. You think the piece of paper Father gave you keeps you safe. Ned Stark had a piece of paper, too.
TYRION: It's done, Cersei.
CERSEI:  No.
TYRION:  You cannot stop it.
CERSEI sweeps glassware from the table in frustration. It shatters.
CERSEI:  No!
TYRION: Just how safe do you think Myrcella is if this city falls? Do you want to see her raped, butchered like the Targaryen children? Make no mistake. They'll mount her pretty little head on a spike right beside yours.
CERSEI: Get out! Get out!
She moves to strike Tyrion, who recoils. Cersei turns, sits and weeps. Tyrion exits.
CUT TO: IRON ISLANDS
INT: Chamber, at night.
Theon reads over a letter he has written to Robb. He decides to burn it instead.
EXT: By the shore.
Theon and a drowned priest stand in ankle deep water while soldiers look on.
PRIEST: Theon of the House Greyjoy, you would this day consecrate your faith to the Drowned God?
THEON: I would.
DROWNED PRIEST:  Kneel.
Theon kneels.
DROWNED PRIEST: Let Theon, your servant, be born again from the sea as you were. Bless him with salt. Bless him with stone. Bless him with steel.
THEON: What is dead may never die.
DROWNED PRIEST: What is dead may never die. But rises again harder and stronger. Stand.
Theon stands. Balon and Yara look on.
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING
INT: Tyrion's chambers, at night
Tyrion sits and ponders. Littlefinger enters, enraged.
LITTLEFINGER: I don't appreciate being made a fool of, dwarf. If Myrcella marries the Martell boy, she can't very well marry Robin Arryn, can she?
TYRION: No, afraid not. Sorry about that.
LITTLEFINGER: And Harrenhal, I suppose that's off the table as well.
TYRION: Yes, I fear so. Sorry about that, too.
LITTLEFINGER: Leave me out of your next deception.
TYRION: That's a shame. You were to be the centerpiece of my next deception. My brother Jaime rots in a northern stockade. I would see him released. That's where you come in.
LITTLEFINGER: Robb Stark will never release the Kingslayer.
TYRION: No, he won't. But his mother might. How would you like to see your beloved Cat again?
BRONN enters.
TYRION: Find him?
BRONN: Oh, aye. And he has company. Filthy old stoat. Almost hate to interrupt.
TYRION: No, you don't.
BRONN: No, I don't.
INT: Brothel
Pycelle and a prostitute lie on a bed. She is naked, while he is fully clothed. The door bursts open as Bronn and  TIMETT walk in. The woman flees the bed, and Pycelle sits up in indignation.
PYCELLE: What is the meaning of this? No, please, please.
TYRION stands in the doorway.
TYRION: You disappoint me, Grand Maester.
PYCELLE: I am your loyal servant.
TYRION: So loyal that you told the Queen about my plans to send Myrcella to Dorne.
PYCELLE: No! Never! It's a falsehood. I swear it. It wasn't me. Ah, Varys. It was Varys the Spider.
TYRION: See, I told Varys that I was giving the Princess to the Greyjoys. I told Littlefinger that I planned to wed her to Robin Arryn. I told no one that I was offering her to the Dornish. No one but you.
PYCELLE: The eunuch has spies everywhere.
TYRION: Cut off his manhood and feed it to the goats.
PYCELLE: No, no, no.
TIMETT: There are no goats, halfman.
TYRION: Well, make do.
PYCELLE recoils from TIMETT while BRONN smiles.
TYRION: How long have you been spying for my sister?
PYCELLE: All I did, I did for House Lannister. Always. Your lord father, ask him. I've always been his servant since the days of the Mad King.
TYRION: I don't like his beard.
PYCELLE: What? What?
BRONN grabs PYCELLE by the beard, then chops it off with a large knife.
PYCELLE: No. No.
TYRION: How many Hands have you betrayed, Pycelle? Eddard Stark? Jon Arryn?
PYCELLE: Lord Arryn, he knew. He knew the truth about the Queen. And he planned to act, to tell King Robert.
TYRION: So you poisoned him?
PYCELLE: No. Never.
TYRION: But you let him die, made sure he succumbed.
PYCELLE: Lannister I always served Lannister.
TYRION: Get him out of my sight. Throw him in one of the black cells.
BRONN and TIMETT wrestle Pycelle out of the room.  Pycelle: No. No, no, no. No, please. Don't! You can't do this to me!
TYRION leaves a coin on the chair for the prostitute, who looks appears to be in shock.
TYRION: For your trouble.
The struggle continues, so TYRION decides to double his payment in compensation. The prostitute nods meekly.
INT: TYRION'S CHAMBERS
Varys and Tyrion sit at table. Varys drinks some wine.
VARYS: You'll be pleased to know our mutual friend is doing quite well in Lady Sansa's service.
TYRION: Good. One of my better ideas.
VARYS: And it seems the Grand Maester has found his way into a black cell? Well played, My Lord Hand. But should I be worried? Janos Slynt, Pycelle. The Small Council grows smaller every day.
TYRION: The Council has a reputation for serving past Hands poorly. I don't mean to follow Ned Stark to the grave.
VARYS: Power is a curious thing, my lord. Are you fond of riddles?
TYRION: Why, am I about to hear one?
VARYS: Three great men sit in a room. A king, a priest and a rich man. Between them stands a common sellsword. Each great man bids the sellsword kill the other two. Who lives, who dies?
TYRION: Depends on the sellsword.
VARYS: Does it? He has neither crown nor gold nor favor with the gods.
TYRION: He has a sword, the power of life and death.
VARYS: But if it's swordsmen who rule, why do we pretend kings hold all the power? When Ned Stark lost his head, who was truly responsible? Joffrey? The executioner? Or something else?
TYRION: I've decided I don't like riddles.
VARYS: Power resides where men believe it resides. It's a trick, a shadow on the wall. And a very small man can cast a very large shadow.
They both drink.
CUT TO: RIVERLANDS
INT: the night's watch recruits sleep. Arya sharpens her sword. Yoren enters.
YOREN: You should be sleeping. Tomorrow's a long march. Thirty miles, if it don't piss on us.
ARYA: I can't sleep.
YOREN offers her his wineskin.
ARYA: I don't like the taste.
YOREN: You don't drink it for the flavor, to be honest. What?
ARYA: How do you sleep?
YOREN: Same as most men, I think.
ARYA: But you've seen things, horrible things.
YOREN: Aye. I've seen some pretty things, too, but not nearly so many.
ARYA: How do you sleep when you When you have those things in your head?
YOREN: You didn't see that. I made damn sure.
ARYA: I close my eyes and I see them up there. All of them standing there. Joffrey, the Queen and and my sister.
YOREN thinks for a bit.
YOREN: You know, we've got something in common, me and you. You know that? I must have been a couple of years older than you. I saw my brother stabbed through the heart right on our doorstep. He weren't much of a villain what skewered him. Willem, the lad's name was. He ran off before anyone could spit. And I just stood there, watching my brother die. Here's the funny part. I can't picture my brother's face anymore. But Willem, oh, he was a nice-looking boy. He had good white teeth, blue eyes, one of those dimpled chins all the girls like. I would think about him when I was working, when I was drinking, when I was having a shit. It got to the point where I would say his name every night before I went to bed. Willem. Willem. Willem. A prayer almost. Well, one day, Willem came riding back into town. I buried an ax so deep into Willem's skull they had to bury him with it. Willem's horse got me to the Wall and I've been wearing black ever since. Well... That'll help you sleep, eh?
Horn blasts ring out from outside. Yoren rises quickly in response.
YOREN: Ho! Get up, you lazy sons of whores! Arm yourselves.
GENDRY: Get up.
ARYA: Get up.
YOREN: Keep out of sight, both of you.
ARYA:  No, I'm not afraid.
GENDRY: I can fight.
YOREN: Keep out of sight. If things go wrong, you run. Do you hear me? You run along north and don't look back. Hey, there's men out there who want to fuck your corpses. Outside, now!
MAN: Come on, move, move!
EXT: Gold cloaks ride up to challenge the Night's Watch recruits.
MAN: Gold cloaks!
MAN: Everyone out!
MAN: Hey, you!
MAN: Open the damn cage!
AMORY: Where's the bastard, crow?
YOREN: Got more than a few bastards here. Who's asking?
AMORY: Ser Amory Lorch, sworn bannerman to Lord Tywin Lannister. These men from the capital requested our assistance. Drop your weapons in the name of the King.
YOREN: Now, which king would that be?
AMORY: This is your last chance. In the name of King Joffrey, drop your weapons.
YOREN: I don't think I will.
AMORY: So be it.
A gold cloak shoots Yoren with a crossbow. He falls, but then rises in anger.
YOREN: I always hated crossbows. Take too long to load.
YOREN battles the gold cloaks, and takes down a few of them before being subdued. Amory Lorch rides over and pierces Yoren with his sword, killing him. The recruits flee.
The cage containing the JAQEN, BITER and RORGE is about to catch fire. ARYA pauses, not sure of what to do. The gold cloaks set upon the recruits in battle.
JAQEN: Come back here! Help us, boy! A man can fight! Free us!
ARYA spies an axe and runs to retrieve it. She comes over to the cage.
JAQEN: Quick, give it to me. Give me the ax. Give me that.
The battle continues. Hot Pie watches from the bushes, but the recruits are outmatched.
GOLD CLOAK: Put them on the wagon!
GOLD CLOAK: There's more here.
GOLD CLOAK: Come on.
ARYA tries to run from the encampment. POLLIVER comes from the darkness, punches her in the face and she falls to the ground.
POLLIVER: What do we have here?
He takes Arya's sword.
ARYA: No!
POLLIVER: That's a fine little blade. Maybe I'll pick my teeth with it.
Hot Pie is pushed forward by soldiers, encountering Arya, still on the ground.
HOT PIE: I yield! I yield!
ARMORY: Round up any survivors. We'll take them back to Harrenhal.
POLLIVER: You heard him. You're coming with us.
HOT PIE: I yield!
They walk back to camp and come across a wounded LOMMY with a crossbow bolt in his leg.
LOMMY: Help! Help me!
POLLIVER: Something wrong with your leg, boy?
LOMMY: Look at it.
POLLIVER: Can you walk?
LOMMY: No. You got to carry me.
POLLIVER: All right.
He stabs the LOMMY instead. LOMMY spits up blood, and dies.
POLLIVER: "Carry him," he says.
ARMORY: We're looking for a bastard named Gendry. Give him up or I'll start taking eyeballs.
No one says anything. Then Arya gets an idea. She nodes over to the slain LOMMY.
ARYA: You want Gendry? You already got him. He loved that helmet.
EXT. OUTSIDE OXCROSS
Thunder rumbles through the darkness. It is raining at the gold cloak encampment. Two gold cloaks are arguing over who is the best fighter.
GUARD #1: It's got to be the Mountain. He's the biggest. He's the strongest.
RENNICK: Bulls are bigger than lions. Doesn't mean I'd pick a bull in a fight.
GUARD #1: If the bull had fangs and claws, I would. Right, the Mountain or our man Jaime.
RENNICK: If he ever gets out.
GUARD #1: Loras Tyrell?
RENNICK: Loras Tyrell. He's prettier than the Queen.
GUARD #1: I don't care about pretty. He's better with a sword than any of them.
RENNICK: How good could he be? He's been stabbing Renly Baratheon for years, and Renly ain't dead.
They laugh, and a horse neighs nervously.
RENNICK: The horses seem a little spooked to you? They're horses.
GUARD #1: They get spooked by their own shadows.
RENNICK: Shh. Do you hear that?
GUARD #1: No.
RENNICK: There's something out there.
The soldiers both stand to investigate the darkness. They move forward cautiously, until RENNICK lets out a loud fart. GUARD #1 jumps, and RENNICK laughs raucously.
GUARD #1: Oh. Oh, you're a right little prick. You should see your face.
RENNICK: I swear you pissed yourself. "Oh, who goes there? Ahh!"
GUARD #1: There is something out there.
RENNICK: Yeah, don't even try me.
GUARD #1: Rennick.
RENNICK: Do you think I'm an idiot?
GUARD #1: Rennick!
GUARD #1 draws his sword. A direwolf leaps from the darkness and attacks RENNICK. The camera focuses on ROBB's face in the darkness as RENNICK screams. ROBB and his northern men sit quietly on their horses, listening as a pack of wolves descends upon the Lannister men.
MAN: King in the North!
MEN: The King in the North!
EXT. The battlefield, the next morning.
The northern forces have completed their assault on the emcampment. The camera pans across bodies and wounded men in the mist. Horses niegh and soldiers cry out in pain. ROOSE and ROBB walk through the aftermath, followed by a handful of northern soldiers.
ROOSE: Five Lannisters dead for every one of ours. They're dead. Take everything they've got. We've nowhere to keep all these prisoners. Barely enough food to feed our own.
ROBB: We're not executing prisoners, Lord Bolton.
ROOSE: Of course, Your Grace. The officers will be useful. Some of them may be privy to Tywin Lannister's plans.
ROBB: I doubt it.
ROOSE: Well, we'll learn soon enough. In my family, we say, "A naked man has few secrets. "A flayed man none."
ROBB: My father outlawed flaying in the North.
ROOSE: We're not in the North.
ROBB: We're not torturing them.
ROOSE: The high road's very pretty, but you'll have a hard time marching your army down it.
ROBB: The Lannisters hold prisoners of their own. I won't give them an excuse to abuse my sisters.
WOUNDED SOLDIER: No, don't! Don't! Please!
TALISA: Shhh
A WOUNDED SOLDIER struggles as TALISA removes his tattered pants and tries to tend his bloody legs while another woman tries to help.
TALISA: The rot's set in.
WOUNDED SOLDIER: No, don't! No, don't!
TALISA: Shh.
WOUNDED SOLDIER: Please, don't! It'll get better. It doesn't even hurt.
TALISA: The rot will spread. If we don't take the foot now
WOUNDED SOLDIER: No, you can't!
ROBB approaches, looking concerned as he struggles. ROBB kneels and holds the man down.
WOUNDED SOLDIER: Ser! Please, ser.  I can't lose
ROBB: You'll die if she doesn't.
WOUNDED SOLDIER: I don't want to be a cripple, please.
ROOSE: Surely one of our men needs your attention more than this cub.
TALISA: Your men are not my men, my lord.
ROBB: Put this in your mouth and lie down. You don't want to watch.
WOUNDED SOLDIER:  No! You can't!
ROBB: Bite on it. It's better than biting your own tongue, believe me.
ROBB holds the WOUNDED SOLDIER down as TALISA saws off his foot. He screams through the gag that ROBB placed in his mouth. Robb watches the resigned TALISA saw through, impressed by her resolve.
CUT TO: Another part of the battleflield.
A mounted soldier rides slowly, carrying the Stark banner. TALISA readies the cart, carrying a wounded man. It starts forward, and TALISA looks exhausted. ROBB looks over at her. She notices, and turns. ROBB approaches.
ROBB: What's your name?
TALISA: Talisa.
ROBB: Your last name?
TALISA: You want to know what side my family fights on?
ROBB: You know my family name. You have me at a disadvantage.
TALISA: That boy lost his foot on your orders.
ROBB: They killed my father.
TALISA: That boy did?
ROBB: The family he fights for.
TALISA: Do you think he's friends with King Joffrey? He's a fisherman's son that grew up near Lannisport. He probably never held a spear before they shoved one in his hands a few months ago.
ROBB: I have no hatred for the lad.
TALISA: That should help his foot grow back.
TALISA walks away in frustration, carrying a heavy pail. ROBB follows.
ROBB: You'd have us surrender, end all this bloodshed. I understand. The country would be at peace and life would be just under the righteous hand of good King Joffrey.
TALISA: You're going to kill Joffrey?
ROBB: If the gods give me strength.
TALISA: And then what?
ROBB:  I don't know. We'll go back to Winterfell. I have no desire to sit on the Iron Throne.
TALISA: So who will?
ROBB:  I don't know.
TALISA: You're fighting to overthrow a king, and yet you have no plan for what comes after?
ROBB: First we have to win the war.
Frustrated, TALISA climbs onto a horse's cart, and signals it to start off.
ROBB: You never told me where you're from.
TALISA: Volantis.
ROBB:  Volantis? You're far from home. The boy was lucky you were here.
TALISA: He was unlucky that you were.
TALISA rides away, and they both watch one another as she gets further and further away.
EXT. KING'S LANDING
INT. THRONE ROOM
JOFFREY aims a crossbow at a kneeling SANSA while the HOUND stands by.
JOFFREY: You're here to answer for your brother's latest treasons.
SANSA: Your Grace, whatever my traitor brother has done, I had no part. You know that. I beg you, please
JOFFREY: Ser Lancel, tell her of this outrage.
LANCEL address the room, which is taken aback by his recounting.
LANCEL: Using some vile sorcery, your brother fell on Stafford Lannister with an army of wolves. Thousands of good men were butchered. After the slaughter, the Northmen feasted on the flesh of the slain.
JOFFREY: Killing you would send your brother a message.
SANSA: (Cries.)
JOFFREY: But my mother insists on keeping you alive. Stand. So we'll have to send your brother a message some other way. Meryn.
MERYN TRANT approaches SANSA.
JOFFREY: Leave her face. I like her pretty.
SANSA looks aghast at JOFFREY. MERYN punches her full-force in the stomach and she doubles over in pain. JOFFREY looks on cruelly as MERYN cuts SANSA's legs out from under her. She falls to the floor, wailing.
JOFFREY: Meryn, my lady is overdressed. Unburden her.
MERYN rips SANSA's dress from the back. She cries in anguish.
JOFFREY: If you want Robb Stark to hear us, we're going to have to speak louder.
MERYN raises his sword to hit SANSA.
TYRION: What is the meaning of this?
MERYN holds, while TYRION and BRONN enter the throne room. JOFFREY looks worried.
TYRION: What kind of knight beats a helpless girl?
MERYN: The kind who serves his king, Imp.
BRONN: Careful, now. We don't want to get blood all over your pretty white cloak.
TYRION: Someone get the girl something to cover herself with. She is to be your queen. Have you no regard for her honor?
JOFFREY: I'm punishing her.
TYRION: For what crimes? She did not fight her brother's battle, you half-wit.
JOFFREY: You can't talk to me like that. The king can do as he likes!
TYRION: The Mad King did as he liked. Has your Uncle Jaime ever told you what happened to him?
MERYN: No one threatens His Grace in the presence of the Kingsguard.
TYRION: I'm not threatening the king, ser. I am educating my nephew. Bronn, the next time Ser Meryn speaks, kill him. That was a threat. See the difference?
MERYN stares daggers at TYRION. TYRION approaches SANSA and offers his hand. She takes it and stands. They walk out together.
TYRION: I apologize for my nephew's behavior. Tell me the truth. Do you want an end to this engagement?
SANSA: I am loyal to King Joffrey, my one true love.
TYRION: Lady Stark, you may survive us yet.
TYRION watches SANSA walk out of the chamber, in admiration of her strength and clever response.
BRONN: The little king's backed up. Clogged from balls to brains.
TYRION: You think dipping his wick will cure what ails him?
BRONN: There's no cure for being a cunt. But the boy's at that age. And he's got nothing to do all day but pick wings off flies. Couldn't hurt to get some of the poison out.
CUT TO: INT. CASTLE.
The HOUND stands in the hallway. JOFFREY enters.
JOFFREY: What are you doing here, dog?
HOUND: Your uncle left your nameday present and asked me to see that you got it.
JOFFREY: And? What is it?
HOUND: Look inside, Your Grace.
INT. JOFFREY'S CHAMBERS
JOFFREY enters his chambers to find ROS and DAISY waiting for him.
DAISY: Your Grace.
ROS: Happy nameday, Your Grace.
JOFFREY: My nameday has passed.
ROS: We won't tell if you won't.
She moves to remove Joffrey's pants. He rebuffs her.
JOFFREY: No. Her. Touch her.
ROS undresses DAISY, who stands upon a table. They both giggle, and the second prostitute begins to kiss and fondle the other's stomach. JOFFREY watches, intrigued.
JOFFREY: Could you hit her?
They giggle, and the first prostitute comes down to the floor and presents her ass. The second prostitute spanks her playfully.
JOFFREY: My uncle sent you?
DAISY: Yes, Your Grace. He chose us himself.
ROS: Hmm.
JOFFREY comes closer and presents his large belt to ROS.
JOFFREY: Use this.
ROS hesitates, but takes it. She swings firmly, and ROS reacts, surprised but still enjoying the pain.
JOFFREY: Harder.
DAISY looks worried. ROS hits her with more force, and she cries in pain. DAISY seems disgusted with herself. JOFFREY grabs her chin, roughly.
JOFFREY: I said harder. He'd want me to get his money's worth.
ROS nods meekly. JOFFREY steps away. The spanking begins agian, harder than before. DAISY screams in pain. After multiple spankings, DAISY scrambles onto the bed, crying. Joffrey presents a mace to DAISY, who takes it.
ROS: Your Grace, too much pain will spoil the pleasure.
JOFFREY cranks his crossbow. DAISY whimpers and shakes her head in fear. JOFFREY finishes setting the bow.
DAISY:  Please, Your Grace.
ROS: Your Grace, if your uncle finds out
JOFFREY: Oh, I want him to find out. You will bring her to his chambers when you're finished and show him what you've done, or the same thing will happen to you.
JOFFREY threatens her with the loaded crossbow. She pauses.
JOFFREY: Begin.
DAISY begins to cry, and then ROS commences the painful beating with the mace, and the other girl responds with screams of agony.
JOFFREY: Harder!
EXT: The Stormlands
RENLY's war camp is bustling. He walks up to LITTLEFINGER, who awaits him.
RENLY: Well, if it isn't my favorite whoremonger. Pray I haven't kept you waiting long.
LITTLEFINGER: Your Grace.
RENLY: Now you do the Lannisters' bidding, is that it? Tell me, was my brother's body even cold before you secured your newest patron?
LITTLEFINGER: I'm a practical man.
RENLY: Just not a loyal one.
LITTLEFINGER: And who would you have me be loyal to? Your brother's corpse?
RENLY: I don't like you, Lord Baelish. I don't like your face. I don't like the words that come oozing out of your mouth. I don't want you in my tent one minute more than necessary. So tell me, why are you here?
LITTLEFINGER's eyes shift to BRIENNE.
RENLY: You can trust Brienne. Her loyalty comes without charge.
LITTLEFINGER: You still have many friends at court, Your Grace, many who believe Ned Stark erred by not supporting your claim.
RENLY takes an apple and sits down.
RENLY: Now I understand. You know I have the numbers. You know I'm marching on King's Landing. When I take the throne, you hope to retain your position. And your head.
LITTLEFINGER: I would give priority to my head.
RENLY: (snorts)
LITTLEFINGER: I understand that you don't like me, and while that saddens me greatly, I did not come here today seeking your affection. When you march on King's Landing, you may find yourself facing a protracted siege or open gates.
RENLY ponders LITTLEFINGER's implications.
CUT TO: The war camp at night.
LITTLEFINGER stands my a fire, warming himself. LORAS and MARGAERY appreach. LORAS peels off into a nearby tent while MARGAERY walks past LITTLEFINGER. He follows her.
LITTLEFINGER: Your Grace.
MARGAERY: Lord Baelish.
LITTLEFINGER: All of these tents look the same to me. -Would you be so kind
MARGAERY: It would be my pleasure. It took me weeks to learn my way around the camp. Twice I walked in on officers in stages of undress. And the moment I learn which tent is mine, we're on the move again.
LITTLEFINGER: "Your tent"? Not "Our tent"? The king snores, perhaps? Or simply prefers solitude? Pressures of command, no doubt. Four kings vying for the throne.
MARGAERY: I am not tutored in warfare, but basic arithmetic favors the side with the greater numbers.
LITTLEFINGER: If war were arithmetic, the mathematicians would rule the world. I did notice your brother entering His Grace's tent just now.
MARGAERY: The place of a Kingsguard is by the king's side.
LITTLEFINGER: And on the night of your wedding, who was by the king's side then?
MARGAERY: You seem quite interested in our marriage.
LITTLEFINGER: Your marriage is quite interesting. Not only to me, but to the realm. The marriage of a wealthy girl always breeds interest, if nothing else.
MARGAERY: You've never married, have you?
LITTLEFINGER: I've been unlucky in my affections, sadly.
MARGAERY: That is sad. Though perhaps it's for the best. The whole notion of marriage seems to confuse you, so allow me to explain. My husband is my king, and my king is my husband. Here is your tent, Lord Baelish. Good night.
MARGAERY walks away and LITTLEFINGER bows in respect, then ponders.
EXT. OUTSIDE QARTH
A lone horseman, KOVARRO, rides trots through the desert towards DAENERYS, who looks lethargic and desperate.
DAENERYS: (Valerian) This isn't your horse.
KOVARRO dismounts.
KOVARRO: (Valerian) It was given to me by the Thirteen. The Elders of Qarth.
DAENERYS: (Valerian) Qarth?
KOVARRO: (Valerian) Three days to the east, on the sea.
DAENERYS: (Valerian) Will they let us in?
KOVARRO: (Valerian) They said they would be honored to receive the Mother of Dragons.
DAENERYS turns to JORAH.
DAENERYS: What do you know of this place?
JORAH: Only that the desert around their walls is called the Garden of Bones. Every time the Qartheen shut their gates on a traveler, the garden grows.
EXT. THE RIVERLANDS
ARYA, GENDRY, HOT PIE and the other Night's Watch recruits are being led towards a misted, ruined Castle. There are groans and screams of pain as the recruits walk, their hands bound.
MAN #3: Go on!
MAN #4: You, keep moving!
MAN: Bring her about!
HOT PIE: What kind of fire melts stone?
ARYA: Dragon fire.
HOT PIE: There's dragons here?
GENDRY: No, all the dragons are dead.
HOT PIE: What's that smell?
ARYA: Dead people.
SOLDIER: Move.
EXT. PRISONER ENCAMPMENT
Some prisoners are in chains. There are more screams of pain and the prisoners look dejected. Sounds of torture can be heard in the distance while ARYA, GENRY and HOT PIE listen in horror.
MAN: Please, please, no, no! No.
There is a cranking of chains, then a thud. The screaming has stopped.
WOMAN: He's dead. He was my son. My sister was three days ago. My husband, the day before that.
GENDRY: They take someone every day?
WOMAN : (nods)
ARYA: Does anyone live?
The WOMAN does not answer, and ARYA looks down, hopelessly. She and GENDRY share a glance.
EXT: PRISONER ENCAMPMENT AT NIGHT
It is nighttime and raining. ARYA lies in the mud.
ARYA: Joffrey. Cersei. llyn Payne. The Hound. Joffrey. Cersei. llyn Payne. The Hound. Joffrey. Cersei. llyn Payne. The Hound.
EXT. THE STORMLANDS
CATELYN sits in her tent. LITTLEFINGER enters, and she rises.
CATELYN: How dare you?
LITTLEFINGER: You may have heard false reports.
CATELYN: You betrayed Ned.
LITTLEFINGER: Betrayed? I wanted him to serve as Protector of the Realm. I begged him to seize the moment.
CATELYN:I trusted you. My husband trusted you. And you repaid our faith with treachery.
LITTLEFINGER: No, my lady.
CATELYN: Get out!
LITTLEFINGER: Cat, I've I've loved you since I was a boy. It seems to me that fate has given us this chance
CATELYN draws a knife, threateningly. LITTLEFINGER pauses, thinking.
CATELYN: Have you lost your mind? Get out!
LITTLEFINGER: Do you want to see your girls again? Sansa, more beautiful than ever? And Arya, just as wild as ever?
CATELYN: You have Arya, too?
LITTLEFINGER: Both girls are healthy and safe. For now. But you know the Queen and you know Joffrey. I fear for their longevity if they remain in the capital.
CATELYN ponders, then lowers the knife and places it down.
CATELYN: What do you want?
LITTLEFINGER: The Lannisters will trade your daughters for the Kingslayer.
CATELYN: Of course they will. Jaime Lannister for two girls? Robb will never agree to those terms.
LITTLEFINGER: I'm not bringing these terms to him. I'm bringing them to you.
CATELYN: You think I keep secrets from my son?
LITTLEFINGER: Robb has surprised them all with his skills in battle, but he's not a mother. Consider it, Cat. You may not get another chance. I've brought you a gift.
CATELYN: I don't want your gifts. A token of Tyrion Lannister's goodwill. He wants you to understand that this exchange of prisoners is offered in good faith.
Two servants enter and place down something heavy.
CATELYN: Good faith?
The servants bow and leave. CATELYN looks ashenly at LITTLEFINGER as she comes to realize what is in the chest before her.
CATELYN: What's this?
CATELYN kneels slowly over the chest and opens it. She looks down, sadly.
LITTLEFINGER: Your husband was an honorable man. He should rest beside his family in the crypts beneath Winterfell. You may not believe
CATELYN: Get out.
Speechless, LITTLEFINGER leaves. CATELYN begins to cry. She slams the chest closed.
EXT: RIVERLANDS PRISONER ENCAMPMENT
ARYA sleeps on the cold, wet ground. Soldiers wake up the prisoners with banging and shouting.
MAN: Get up, you dogs!
The recruits stand up as the soldiers move through the camp. The MOUNTAIN strides into camp.
HOT PIE: That's him, the one who picks.
ARYA: The Mountain. What are you doing?
HOT PIE: He told me he stares at him every day. That's why he doesn't get picked.
The MOUNTAIN looks over the crowd. Most people look down, but HOT PIE meets his gaze, as does another PRISONER. The MOUNTAIN picks that PRISONER.
MOUNTAIN: You.
SOLDIER: Move, boy! Move!
HOT PIE is shocked and pisses himself for having listened to the other man.
EXT. TORTURE AREA
The PRISONER is strapped into a chair, his neck and extremities bound. Panic fills his eyes as they tighten the straps and the TICKLER begins his inquisition.
TICKLER: Is there gold and silver in the village?
PRISONER: I don't know.
TICKLER: Gems?
PRISONER: I didn't see any.
TICKLER: Where is the Brotherhood?
PRISONER: I don't know.
The TICKLER gives permission to begin the torture. A SOLDIER pulls out a squealing rat and places it into a bucket. The PRISONER's panic rises.
TICKLER: Where is the Brotherhood?
PRISONER: I don't know. Please.
TICKLER: Where is the Brotherhood?
PRISONER: I don't know.
The SOLDIER attaches the bucket to the PRISONER's chest.
TICKLER: Which of the villagers aided them?
PRISONER:I don't know.
TICKLER: Who?
PRISONER: I -
The TICKLER nods to the SOLDIER, who pulls a flaming torch out of the fire.
TICKLER: Who?
PRISONER: I never saw. Please. Please, stop. Please, it's starting to
The rat start to chew on the PRISONER's chest. His eyes widen in pain and panic.
TICKLER:  Who?
PRISONER: I didn't see anyone help him. Take it off! Take it off!
TICKLER: Who helped him?
TICKLER:  That's better.  You've been very helpful.
PRISONER: No, stop, please! What are you doing? Please, stop! Please, stop!
The SOLDIER holds the flame to the bucket, and the rat trapped inside shrieks in constant fear.
PRISONER: No! No! I told you everything! No! No!
The TICKLER looks on without pity.
INT. PRISONER ENCAMPMENT
ARYA lies in the dark as rain falls.
ARYA: Joffrey. Cersei. llyn Payne. The Hound.
WOMAN: Please, Polliver. Some food. Just a crust of bread.
POLIVER punches the WOMAN and she collapses, crying. He then continues walking.
ARYA: Polliver. The Mountain.
EXT. STORMLANDS
RENLY's bannermen sit astride their horses on a cliffside, next to the sea. A strong wind blows. The camera zooms in to show a meeting of the Baratheon Brothers: RENLY, CATELYN, LORAS and BRIENNE facing STANNIS, DAVOS and MELISANDRE
STANNIS: Lady Stark, I had not thought to find you in the Stormlands.
CATELYN: I had not thought to be here, Lord Stannis.
RENLY: Can that truly be you?
STANNIS: Who else might it be?
RENLY: When I saw your standard, I couldn't be sure. Whose banner is that?
STANNIS: My own.
RENLY: I suppose if we used the same one, the battle would be terribly confusing. Why is your stag on fire?
MELISANDRE: The king has taken for his sigil the fiery heart of the Lord of Light.
RENLY: Ah, you must be this fire priestess we hear so much about. Mmm, brother, now I understand why you found religion in your old age.
STANNIS: Watch yourself, Renly.
RENLY: No, no, I'm relieved. I never really believed you were a fanatic. Charmless, rigid, a bore, yes, but not a godly man.
MELISANDRE: You should kneel before your brother. He's the Lord's chosen, born amidst salt and smoke.
STANNIS: That's twice I've warned you.
CATELYN: Listen to yourselves. If you were sons of mine, I would knock your heads together and lock you in a bedchamber until you remembered that you were brothers.
STANNIS: It is strange to find you beside my brother, Lady Stark. Your husband was a supporter of my claim. Lord Eddard's integrity cost him his head. And you sit beside this pretender and chastise me.
CATELYN: We share a common enemy.
STANNIS: The Iron Throne is mine by right. All those that deny that are my foes.
RENLY: The whole realm denies it, from Dorne to the Wall. Old men deny it with their death rattle and unborn children deny it in their mother's wombs. No one wants you for their king. You never wanted any friends, brother. But a man without friends is a man without power.
STANNIS: For the sake of the mother who bore us, I will give you this one night to reconsider. Strike your banners, come to me before dawn, and I will grant you your old seat in the Council. I'll even name you my heir until a son is born to me. Otherwise I shall destroy you.
RENLY quickly considers the offer.
RENLY: Look across those fields, brother. Can you see all those banners?
STANNIS: You think a few bolts of cloth will make you king?
RENLY: No. The men holding those bolts of cloth will make me king.
STANNIS: We shall see, Renly. Come the dawn, we shall see.
MELISANDRE: Look to your sins, Lord Renly. The night is dark and full of terrors.
STANNIS and his party ride off.
RENLY: Would you believe I loved him once?
RENLY spurs his mount and his party heads in the opposite direction.
EXT. THE GATES OF QARTH
DAENERYS and her Dothraki sit outside the gates of Qarth. The gates are closed.
DAENERYS: I thought we were welcome.
JORAH: If you heard a Dothraki horde was approaching your city, you might do the same, Khaleesi.
DAENERYS: Horde?
QARTH soldiers line up outside the gate, at attention. A group of thirteen emissaries from the city walk forward from the gates. A plump SPICE KING leads the group.
DAENERYS: My name is Daenerys
SPICE KING: Daenerys Stormborn of the house Targaryen.
DAENERYS: You know me, my lord?
SPICE KING: Only by reputation, Khaleesi. And I'm no lord, merely a humble merchant. They call you the Mother of Dragons.
DAENERYS: And what should I call you?
SPICE KING: Oh, my name is quite long and quite impossible for foreigners to pronounce. I am simply a trader of spices. But we are the Thirteen, charged with the governance and protection of Qarth, the greatest city that ever was or will be.
DAENERYS:  The beauty of Quarth is legendary
SPICE KING Qarth.
DAENERYS:  Qarth.
SPICE KING: Might we see the dragons?
DAENERYS looks back to the woven chest that holds the dragons on top of one of their horses. She is nervous, and a bit desperate.
DAENERYS: My friend, we have traveled very far. We have no food, no water. Once I see my people fed, I would be honored
SPICE KING: Forgive me, Mother of Dragons, but no man alive has seen a living dragon. Some of my more skeptical friends refuse to believe your children even exist. All we ask is the chance to see for ourselves.
DAENERYS:  I am not a liar.
SPICE KING: Oh, I don't think you are. But as I've never met you before, my opinion on the matter is of limited value.
DAENERYS: Where I come from, guests are treated with respect, not insulted at the gates.
SPICE KING: Then perhaps you should return to where you come from. We wish you well.
The SPICE KING turns and walks away. DAENERYS steps follows with indignation, and he turns back around.
DAENERYS: What are you doing? You promised to receive me.
SPICE KING: We have received you. Here we are, and here you are.
DAENERYS:  If you do not let us in, all of us will die.
SPICE KING: Which we shall deeply regret. But Qarth did not become the greatest city that ever was or will be by letting Dothraki savages through its gates.
The SPICE KING continues to the thirteen, and they begin their walk back into Qarth.
JORAH: Khaleesi, please be careful.
DAENERYS finds her resolve and steps forward. The soldiers react by leaning their spears forward in unison, clearly a warning.
DAENERYS: Thirteen! When my dragons are grown, we will take back what was stolen from me and destroy those who have wronged me. We will lay waste to armies and burn cities to the ground. Turn us away and we will burn you first.
The SPICE KING steps forward from the thirteen.
SPICE KING:  Ah. You are a true Targaryen. Only, as you said a moment ago, if we don't let you into the city, you will all die. And so
XARO XHOAN DAXOS steps out from the back of the Thirteen.
XARO: Retreating in fear from a little girl is unbecoming of the greatest city that ever was or will be.
SPICE KING: The discussion is over, Xaro Xhoan Daxos. The Thirteen have spoken.
XARO: I am one of the Thirteen, and I am still speaking.
SPICE KING:  The girl threatens to burn our city to the ground and you would invite her in for a cup of wine?  She is the Mother of Dragons.
XARO: Do you expect her to watch her people starve without breathing fire? I believe we can allow a few Dothraki through our gates without dooming our city. After all, here I am, a savage from the Summer Isles, and Qarth still stands.
DAENERYS recognizes that XARO is a potential ally, but the SPICE KING remains resolute.
SPICE KING:  Our decision is final.
XARO: Very well. I invoke soumai.
The Thirteen react, looking between themselves. XARO draws his dagger, pointing downward and grabs the blade with his left hand. DAENERYS looks to JORAH for council.
XARO: I will vouch for her, her people, and her dragons, in accordance with the law.
XARO pulls the dagger up, slicing his palm deeply. He displays the wound to the Thirteen.
SPICE KING: Be it on your head.
XARO: Welcome to Qarth, my lady.
The SPICE KING rejoins the Thirteen in frustration. XARO gestures a welcome to DAENERYS, and the gates open, noisily. DAENERYS and JORAH share a glance before the Dothraki band walk through the city gates. XARO joins her side.
EXT. THE RIVERLANDS
EXT. A COURTYARD
A soldier mounts the head of the tortured PRISONER on a spike and decends a ladder.  The night's watch recruits are still captive in the ruined building. They hand their heads in subjugation, trying not to be noticed.
MOUNTAIN: (to Gendry) You.
GRENDRY and ARYA look at one another in panic. Soldiers grab GENDRY, and he is bound in the torture chair.
TICKLER: Is there gold or silver in the village?
GENDRY: I'm not from the village.
TICKLER: Where is the Brotherhood?
The TICKLER sits, facing GENDRY while his SOLDIER stands menacingly at his side.
GENDRY: I don't know what that is.
ARYA stares. The TICKLER nods to his helper to take action. The camera pans across the sullen crowd, including ARYA and HOT PIE. The  SOLDIER places a rat in a bucket and straps it to GENDRY'S chest.
CUT TO: ANOTHER COURTYARD IN THE RUINED CASTLE
TYWIN rides in, astride a white horse and flanked by gold coats. He looks around in disappointment. He is greeted by the MOUNTAIN.
MAN: You two. Take Lord Lannister's things to his quarters.
TYWIN: What's this?
TYWIN dismounts while a soldiers takes the reigns of his horse. He then walks forward, inspecting the prisoners and their condition.
MOUNTAIN: We weren't expecting you till tomorrow, Lord Tywin.
TYWIN: Evidently not. Why are these prisoners not in their cells?
MOUNTAIN: Cells are overflowing, my lord.
POLLIVER: This lot won't be here long. Don't need no permanent place. After we interrogate 'em, we usually just
TYWIN: Are we so well-manned that we can afford to discard able young bodies and skilled laborers?
He gets no response. TYWIN continues to inspect the prisoners, and addresses GENDRY.
TYWIN: You, do you have a trade?
ARYA sits, expressionless, trying not to be noticed.
GENDRY: Smith, my lord.
POLLIVER notices ARYA's attention, and feels slighted. He draws his sword to threaten her.
POLLIVER: What are you looking at? Kneel! Kneel or I'll carve your lungs out, boy.
ARYA backs away, and TYWIN intervenes.
TYWIN: He'll do no such thing. This one's a girl, you idiot, dressed as a boy. Why?
ARYA: Safer to travel, my lord.
TYWIN: Smart. More than I can say for this lot. Get these prisoners to work. Bring the girl. I need a new cupbearer.
MOUNTAIN: My lord.
EXT.KING'S LANDING
INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE TYRION'S CHAMBERS.
TYRION answers the knocking on his door to find LANCEL LANNISTER.
TYRION: Your visits are too few, cousin.
LANCEL: Her Grace, the Queen Regent, commands you to release Grand Maester Pycelle. Here's your warrant.
LANCEL extends a scroll to TYRION, who takes it, unimpressed.
TYRION:  So it is. Will you take a cup with me? I find that mulled wine helps me sleep.
TYRION steps into his chamber and pours himself a cup of wine.
LANCEL: I am here at Her Grace's behest, not to drink with you, Imp.
TYRION: If my sister was so concerned for Pycelle, I would have thought she'd come herself.
Instead she sends you. What am I to make of that?
LANCEL: I don't care what you make of it, so long as you release your prisoner immediately.
LANCEL moves to leave, but TYRION does not let him.
TYRION: And you've received these instructions directly from Cersei?
LANCEL: As I said several times.
TYRION: And you've waited this long to deliver the information?
LANCEL: When the Queen Regent gives me a command, I carry it out without delay.
TYRION ponders the scroll, while LANCEL stands over his desk, annoyed.
TYRION: Cersei must have great trust in you, allowing you into her chamber during the hour of the wolf.
LANCEL thinks carefully before responding.
LANCEL: The Queen Regent has a great many responsibilities. She often works from dusk till dawn.
TYRION: She must be very glad to have you helping her from dusk till dawn.
As TYRION walks past LANCEL, he catches a familiar aroma.
TYRION:  Ah. Lavender oil. She always loved lavender oil, even as a girl.
LANCEL: I am a knight!
TYRION: An anointed knight, yes. Tell me, did Cersei have you knighted before or after she took you into her bed? What? Nothing to say? No more warnings for me, ser?
LANCEL: You will withdraw these filthy accusations.
TYRION: Have you ever given any thought to what King Joffrey will have to say when he finds out you've been bedding his mother?
LANCEL sits, and chokes out some frustration.
LANCEL: It's not my fault!
TYRION: Did she take you against your will? Can you not defend yourself, knight?
LANCEL: Your own father, Lord Tywin, when I was named the King's squire, he told me to obey her in everything.
TYRION: Did he tell you to fuck her, too?
LANCEL: I only meant I did as I was bid.
TYRION: Hated every moment of it, is that what you'll have me believe? A high place in court, a knighthood, my sister's legs spreading open for you at night. Oh, yes, it must have been terrible. Wait here. His Grace will want to hear this.
TYRION moves to leave the chamber to fetch JOFFREY. LANCEL falls to his knees and begs.
LANCEL: Mercy! Mercy, my lord! I beg you.
TYRION:  Save it for Joffrey. He loves a good grovel.
LANCEL: My lord, it was your sister's bidding, the Queen. I'll leave the city at once, I swear.
TYRION: No, I think not.
LANCEL: My lord?
TYRION: You heard me. My father told you to obey my sister. Obey her. Stay close to her side. Keep her trust. Pleasure her whenever she requires. No one ever need know, as long as you keep faith with me. I want to know what Cersei is doing, where she goes, who she sees, what they talk of, everything. And you will tell me.
LANCEL: Yes, my lord, I will. I swear it, as you command.
TYRION claps in celebration.
TYRION: Oh, rise, rise. Let us drink to our understanding. Oh, you don't have a cup. Oh, well. Smile, cousin. My sister is a beautiful woman, and it's all for the good of the realm. Go back and tell her that I beg her forgiveness, that I want no more conflict between us and that, henceforth, I shall do nothing without her consent.
LANCEL: But her demands?
TYRION: Oh, I'll give her Pycelle.
LANCEL: You will?
TYRION: Yes, I'll release him in the morning. Cersei can keep him as a pet, if she wants, but I will not have him on the Council. I could swear that I had not harmed a single hair on his head, but that would not, strictly speaking, be true. Stay within one table length.
TYRION shuts the chamber door. LANCEL leans against the wall, feeling beaten.
EXT. THE STORMLANDS SEA AT NIGHT
A boat with a stag figurehead rocks on the calm seas. DAVOS approaches STANNIS on the deck.
DAVOS: Your Grace.
STANNIS: Do your knucklebones bring you luck?
DAVOS: Well, life's been good since you hacked them off, Your Grace. And it's four less fingernails to clean.
STANNIS: Fewer.
DAVOS: Pardon?
STANNIS: Four fewer fingernails to clean. Never understood why you had to wear them.
DAVOS: It reminds me of where I come from and where I am now. It reminds me of your justice. It was an honest punishment and you were good with the cleaver.
STANNIS: You were a hero and a smuggler. A good act does not wash out the bad, nor a bad the good.
DAVOS: A lesson I've tried to teach my son.
STANNIS: Does he listen?
DAVOS: To me? Gods, no. But if your red woman told him to leap from the crow's nest
STANNIS: She has a name. I trust you've not forgotten your smuggler's tricks.
DAVOS: I've lived within the law for 17
STANNIS: I want you to be a smuggler this time.
DAVOS: Any shore, any night. What am I bringing ashore?
STANNIS: The red woman. No one must know what you do and we'll not speak of this again.
DAVOS: I am true to Your Grace and always will be, but surely there are other ways, cleaner ways.
STANNIS: Cleaner ways don't win wars.
DAVOS nods and walks away. STANNIS stares into the distance.
EXT. THE SHORELINE
DAVOS rows a boat into the shallows. MELISANDRE sits patiently.
MELISANDRE: Are you afraid, Onion Knight?
DAVOS: Someone once told me the night is dark and full of terrors.
MELISANDRE:  You've carried more unpleasant cargo in your time. Are you a good man, Ser Davos Seaworth?
DAVOS: I'd say my parts are mixed, my lady, good and bad.
MELISANDRE:  If half an onion is black with rot, it's a rotten onion. A man is good or he is evil.
DAVOS: And which are you?
MELISANDRE: Oh, good. I'm a knight myself, of sorts, a champion of light and life.
DAVOS: Well, that must be very nice for you.
DAVOS stows the oars and enters the water to lead the boat to shore. He pulls it onto the shore.
MELISANDRE: Do you love your wife?
DAVOS: I do.
MELISANDRE:  Yet you have known other women.
DAVOS: Don't talk about my wife.
DAVOS secures the boat on the shore.
MELISANDRE:  I'm not. I'm talking about other women. Like me, Ser Davos. You want me. You want to see what's beneath this robe.
DAVOS does not respond.
MELISANDRE:  And you will.
MELISANDRE turns to grab something from the boat.
INT. A CAVE
DAVOS leads MELISANDRE through the cave, bearing a lantern.
DAVOS: Strange that this Lord of Light asks you to work in the shadows.
MELISANDRE: Shadows cannot live in the dark, Ser Davos. They are servants of light, the children of fire. And the brighter the flame, the darker they are.
DAVOS holds up the lantern to bars that obstruct their way.
DAVOS: These weren't here before. They've barred the passage.
MELISANDRE: They can't bar our passage.
MELISANDRE has disrobed, arms outstretched, revealing a swollen, fully pregnant belly. DAVOS is shocked at this sudden change.
DAVOS: Gods protect us.
MELISANDRE: There's only one god, Ser Davos, and he only protects those who serve him.
The lantern flares suddenly, surprising DAVOS, who retreats. MELISANDRE sits down behind him, and assumes a birthing position. She moans in pain as she gives birth. DAVOS watches in apprehension. MELISANDRE screams, and a foul spirit crawls from between her legs. It gathers strength and roars as it expands and takes to the air.
EXT. SHADOWLANDS
RENLY's encampment at night. The camp is alive with activity, in spite of the late hour. Soldiers move in every direction
INT. RENLY's tent. RENLY and CATELYN are seated across from one another while BRIENNE stands at guard.
RENLY: You swear it?
CATELYN: By the mother. My son has no interest in the Iron Throne.
RENLY takes a long sip of wine.
RENLY: Then I see no reason for hostility between us. Your soncan go on calling himself King in the North. The Starks will have dominion over all lands north of Moat Cailin, provided he swears me an oath of fealty.
CATELYN: And the wording of this oath?
RENLY: The same Ned Stark swore to Robert 18 years ago. Cat, their friendship held the kingdoms together.
CATELYN considers these terms.
CATELYN: And in return for my son's loyalty?
RENLY: In the morning, I'll destroy my brother's army.
RENLY stands.
RENLY:  When that's done, Baratheon and Stark will fight their common enemy together, as they have done many times before.
RENLY walks across the tent. BRIENNE removes his cloak.
CATELYN: Our two houses have always been close, which is why I am begging you to reconsider this battle. Negotiate a peace with your brother.
RENLY: Negotiate with Stannis? You heard him out there. I'd have better luck debating the wind.
BRIENNE continues to remove RENLY's armor.
RENLY: Please bring my terms to your son. I believe we are natural allies. I hope he feels the same. Together we could end this war in a fortnight.
The wind howls, and a dark cloud of mist races into the tent. CATELYN watches it cross the floor. BRIENNE gasps as a dark spirit takes form from the mist, rising up behind RENLY. The dark spirit stabs RENLY in the back, through the heart. RENLY gasps and the spirit hisses.
BRIENNE: No! No.
The dark spirit dissipates into a wind, and RENLY collapses to the ground. BRIENNE lungers forward to catch him, and bring him gently to the ground. Two soldiers leap into the room and draw their swords, believing BRIENNE to have betrayed their king.
SOLDIER #1: Follow me!
SOLDIER #2: (to BRIENNE) You'll die for this.
CATELYN: No, wait, it wasn't her!
The soliders rush past CATELYN to engage with BRIENNE, who meets them in battle. She quickly dispatches one of the soldiers. The second soldiers falls soon after, with BRIENNE plunging her sword down his spine. CATELYN stares while BRIENNE looks upon RENLY's corpse. She staggers and falls to her knees, sobbing over his lifeless body. CATELYN comes beside her to comfort her.
CATELYN: We've got to leave. They'll hang you for this.
MAN #2: Now.
BRIENNE: I won't leave him.
CATELYN: You can't avenge him if you're dead.
MAN: Over there, go!
BRIENNE gets up to leave. CATELYN tries to pull her to the front door. BRIENNE resists.
BRIENNE: Not that way.
BRIENNE exits past a tapestery. CATELYN follows.
CUT TO: THE SHADOWLANDS SHORE
STANNIS's boats sit off the coast. LITTLEFINGER takes them in, then walks towards the camp as soldiers rush by in disorder.
INT. RENLY's tent
Loras mournfully kneels beside RENLY's body. MARGAERY paces in the background.
MARGAERY: We need to go home. Loras.
LITTLEFINGER enters the tent, just short of a panic.
LITTLEFINGER: My lord, my lady.
LORAS: Get out.
LITTLEFINGER: Stannis will be here in an hour. When he arrives, Renly's bannermen will flock to him. Your former companions will fight for the privilege of selling you to their new king.
LORAS: And you want that privilege for yourself.
LITTLEFINGER: You will note that I am standing here talking to you, not Stannis.
MARGAERY: There's no time for this.
LORAS: Ride back to Highgarden, sister. I'm not running from Stannis.
MARGAERY: Brienne of Tarth murdered Renly.
LORAS: I don't believe that. You don't believe that. Who gained the most from our king's death?
LITTLEFINGER: Stannis.
LORAS: I will put a sword through his righteous face.
MARGAERY: You can't stay here.
LORAS: He would have been a true king, a good king.
LITTLEFINGER: Tell me, Ser Loras, what do you desire most in this world?
LORAS: Revenge.
LITTLEFINGER: I have always found that to be the purest of motivations, but you won't have a chance to put your sword through Stannis, not today. You'll be cut to pieces before he sets foot on solid ground. If it is justice that you want, be smart about it.
MARGAERY: You can't avenge him from the grave. Bring the horses. Please.
MARGAERY moves to LORAS's side and caresses his hair. LORAS stands with a grimace. He picks up his sword and leaves. MARGAERY looks upon RENLY's corpse
MARGAERY: He was very handsome.
LITTLEFINGER: He was, Your Grace.
MARGAERY: "Your Grace." Calling yourself king doesn't make you one. And if Renly wasn't a king, I wasn't a queen.
LITTLEFINGER: Do you want to be a queen?
MARGAERY: No. I want to be the queen.
MARGAERY turns and faces LITTLEFINGER, resolute.
EXT. KING'S LANDING
Three noble girls play blind man's bluff in a garden while a septa stands by. CERSEI watches from a window above
INT. TYRION's chambers
CERSEI: Killed? By whom?
TYRION: Accounts differ. Most seem to implicate Catelyn Stark in some way.
TYRION picks up a goblet
CERSEI: Really? Who'd have thought?
TYRION: Some say it was one of his own Kingsguard, while still others say it was Stannis himself who did it after negotiations went sour.
TYRION pours himself some wine.
CERSEI: Whomever did it, I say well done.
TYRION: It's not what Varys says. He says Renly's army is flocking to support Stannis, which would give Stannis superiority over us on both land and sea.
CERSEI finishes pouring her own wine.
CERSEI: Littlefinger says we can outspend him three to one.
TYRION: And I say Father raised you to have too much respect for money. Stannis Baratheon is coming for us, sooner rather than later.
CERSEI: Aren't there other things you should be doing, like sealing my daughter in a crate so you can ship her away?
TYRION: She'll be safer in Dorne.
CERSEI: Yes, I know how concerned you are for her safety.
TYRION: It so happens that I am. Myrcella is a sweet, innocent girl and I don't blame her at all for you.
CERSEI: So clever. Aren't you always so clever with your schemes and your plots?
CERSEI walks past TYRION and sits.
TYRION: Schemes and plots are the same thing. They are going to attack us. We need to be ready.
CERSEI: No need to concern yourself over it. The king is taking personal charge of siege preparations.
TYRION: May I ask specifically what the king has in mind?
CERSEI: You may, specifically, or you may ask vaguely. The answer will be the same.
TYRION: It's important that we talk about this.
CERSEI: It's the king's royal prerogative to withhold sensitive information from his councilors.
TYRION exits in frustration, while CERSEI takes a sip, enjoying the upper hand.
EXT. STREETS OF KING'S LANDING
BRONN stands waiting among the bustling cityfolk next to a small tent, where TYRION and LANCEL meet in secret.
LANCEL: It's wildfire.
TYRION: Wildfire? You wouldn't lie to me, would you, cousin?
LANCEL: No.
TYRION:That's a lie right there.
LANCEL: It is not a lie. Why would I lie?
TYRION: Tell me, if the vile allegations against my brother and sister are true, do you think it will make Jaime more likely to kill you or less likely? When I tell him you're fucking her, I mean.
LANCEL: I'm telling you the truth.
TYRION: The smart money would be on more likely.
LANCEL: She's making wildfire.
TYRION: But then perhaps his own unnatural urges will give him sympathy for yours.
LANCEL: The Alchemists' Guild is being commissioned.
TYRION: I suppose there's only one way to find out.
LANCEL: They have thousands of pots already stored in their vaults. They are planning to launch it from the city walls into Stannis' ships and armies. Please.
TYRION: When did she tell you this?
LANCEL: I heard her talking with the pyromancer And the other night, after I left her, she went to meet him. I swear to you.
TYRION: Swear to me on what?
LANCEL: On my life.
TYRION: But I don't care about your life.
LANCEL: In the light of the Seven, by all that is holy and right, I, Lancel Lannister, do solemnly vow . . .
TYRION: All right, all right. Enough. Even torturing you is boring. Just get out.
TYRION pushes LANCEL out of the small tent. LANCEL falls to the ground, grunting.
TYRION: Oh, Lancel, tell my friend Bronn to please kill you if anything should happen to me.
LANCEL: Please kill me if anything should happen to Lord Tyrion.
BRONN: It will be my pleasure.
LANCEL runs off down the streets. BRONN smiles.
CUT TO: STORMLANDS
STANNIS's forces have landed at RENLY's camp. DAVOS meets STANNIS as he enters the main courtyard, and they move through the compound at rapid pace.
DAVOS: Your Grace.
STANNIS: What is it?
DAVOS: I'm sorry about your brother, Your Grace, I wanted to let you know that people grieve for him.
STANNIS: Fools love a fool. I grieve for him as well, for the boy he was, not the man he grew to be.
STANNIS: I thought I made it clear to you there'd be no need to speak to me on this matter.
DAVOS: Your Grace, I --
STANNIS: I've never known you to need to hear a thing twice.
They reach RENLY's tent.
DAVOS: And I've never known you to hide from the truth.
STANNIS: You've come to lecture me on truth?
DAVOS: I've come to tell you that what I saw.
STANNIS: All my brother's bannermen have come to my side. Except the Tyrells, who fled like cowards. They won't be able to resist us now. Soon I shall be sitting on the Iron Throne.
DAVOS: Nothing is worth what this will cost you, not even the Iron
STANNIS: I'll hear no more about it.
STANNIS stands over the war map.
MAN: Take a company of men, secure the perimeter.
DAVOS: When do we sail for King's Landing?
STANNIS: As soon as I've consolidated my troops. We'll make short work of the Lannisters' fleet. Once Blackwater Bay is cleared, we'll deliver our troops to their doorstep and take the city.
DAVOS: And will you bring Lady Melisandre with you?
STANNIS: That's not your concern.
DAVOS: If you take King's Landing with her by your side, the victory will be hers.
STANNIS: I never thought I'd have reason to doubt your loyalty. Was I wrong?
DAVOS: Loyal service means telling hard truths.
STANNIS: Oh, truth again. All right, what's the truth? The hard truth?
DAVOS: She's a foreigner preaching her foreign religion. Some believe she whispers orders in your ear and you obey.
STANNIS: What do you believe?
DAVOS: You won those bannermen from Renly. Don't lose them to her.
STANNIS: We set out for King's Landing without Lady Melisandre. And you lead the fleet into Blackwater Bay.
DAVOS: Your Grace, I'm honored, but my time on the sea was spent evading ships, not attacking them. The other lords won't be happy.
STANNIS: Most of those lords should consider themselves lucky I don't hang them for treason. Hard truths cut both ways, Ser Davos.
DAVOS exits.
EXT. KINGS LANDING
A bustling market street. A girl grabs a fish from a bucket.
GIRL: I've got it! I've got it!
MAN: So it's that one there at the top, on the right.
MAN #2: Buy my fruit, my lord. Fresh fruit.
The lord is revealed to be TYRION, with BRONN walking behind him.
TYRION: Stannis has more infantry, more ships, more horses. What do we have?
BRONN: There's that mind of yours you keep going on about.
TYRION: Well, I've never actually been able to kill people with it.
BRONN: Good thing. I'd be out of a job. What about your father?
TYRION: He hasn't sent a raven in weeks. He's very busy. Being repeatedly humiliated by Robb Stark is time-consuming. We won't be able to hold the city against Stannis, not the way Joffrey's planning on holding it.
They come upon a crowd listening to a rabblerouser.
PROTESTER: Corruption.
CROWD: Yes!
PROTESTER: We are swollen, bloated, foul. Brother fornicates with sister in the bed of kings and we're surprised when the fruit of their incest is rotten? Yes, a rotten king.
TYRION: It's hard to argue with his assessment.
BRONN: Not after what he did to your birthday present.
TYRION: The king is a lost cause. It's the rest of us I'm worried about now.
MAN: A dancing king, prancing down his bloodstained halls to the tune of a twisted demon monkey.
TYRION: You have to admire his imagination.
BRONN: He's talking about you.
TYRION: What? Demon monkey?
BRONN: People think you're pulling the king's strings. They blame you for the city's ills.
TYRION: Blame me? I'm trying to save them.
BRONN: You don't need to convince me.
TYRION: Demon monkey.
CUT TO: IRON ISLANDS
THEON, walks up from a dock., in armor It is morning. He gazes on a ship and smiles. The crew walks up noisily.
MAN: Yeah, come on.
THEON: You're the crew of the Sea Bitch? I'm your commander. Welcome.
The crew ignores THEON.
THEON: Stop. Stop! Your captain commands you to stop!
BLACK LORREN: Where are we headed, Captain?
THEON: The Stony Shore, to raid their villages. There'll be spoils in it for you, and women, if you do your jobs well.
BLACK LORREN: And who decides if we've done our jobs well?
THEON: I do. Your captain.
BLACK LORREN stands directly in front of THEON, challenging him.
BLACK LORREN: I have been reaving and raping since before you left Balon's balls, Captain Don't reckon I've got much use for your ideas on how to do it. Don't reckon I've got much use for a captain at all. I'm thinking I can do the job of captain real well myself. All I need is a ship. You wouldn't know where I could find myself a ship now, would you?
BLACK LORREN walks away down the steps to the dock.
THEON: You could do that, take the ship, head out on your own. And I will hunt you down, drag you back here in chains and hang you for a traitor.
BLACK LORREN: (laughs)
YARA enters.
YARA: Stop. We yield.
The iron born laugh
YARA: Congratulations on your first command.
THEON: Thank you. Kind of you to come see me off.
YARA: Oh, I'm not here for you. I was just on my way to Red Harbor. I've got 30 ships. There's nowhere to put them here. Too narrow.
THEON: You'd better get out there. Wouldn't want her to set sail without you.
YARA: That would never happen. My crew would wait on deck for a year if I asked them to. This lot, though Enjoy the Stony Shore.
THEON's crew pushes off from the dock. They row away without him, laughing. DAGMER enters.
DAGMER: Come on, I'll take you out.
THEON: Who are you?
DAGMER: Dagmer, your first mate.
THEON: Why aren't you with the rest of them? Or did they send you to row me out and dump me halfway in the sea? That would be good for a laugh.
DAGMER: They're not gonna respect you until you prove yourself.
THEON: And how am I supposed to prove myself by pillaging piss-poor fishing villages?
DAGMER: You're not.
THEON: And yet that's the task my father has given me to prove that I'm a true Iron Islander.
DAGMER: They're all Iron Islanders. Do they do as they're told or do they do as they like?
THEON follows DAGMER onto a dock, where he attends to a boat.
THEON: The Stony Shore's not far from Torrhen's Square.
THEON:  No, we could. We could never hold it for more than a few days. As soon as Winterfell got word that we'd taken Torrhen's Square, the Starks would send their men to take it back. And then
THEON pauses and the idea of how to take advantage of the betrayal comes to full. He laughs, and DAGMER smiles back.
THEON: Take me to my ship.
CUT TO: THE RIVERLANDS
INT. A CASTLE
While ARYA prepares food, TYRION presides over his war council.
REGINALD: The Starks have overextended their lines. Now that summer's over, they'll have a hard time keeping their men and horses fed.
TYWIN: The Starks understand winter better than we ever will. The cold won't beat them.
AMORY: Our spies report growing discontent among the Northern lords. They want to return home and gather the harvest before the crops turn.
TYWIN: And I'm sure if those same spies snuck into our own encampments, they would report growing discontent amongst the Southern lords. This is war, no one's content. We've underestimated the Stark boy for too long. He has a good mind for warfare, his men worship him. And as long as he keeps winning battles, they'll keep believing he is King in the North. You've been waiting for him to fail. He is not going to fail, not without our help. So how do we stop him?
REGINALD: We've worked through the night, my lord. Perhaps we'd profit from some sleep.
TYWIN: Yes, I think you would, Reginald. And because you're my cousin, I might even let you wake from that sleep. Go, I'm sure your wife must miss you.
REGINALD: My wife's in Lannisport.
TYWIN: Well, then you'd better start riding. Go, before I change my mind and send her your head.
REGINALD  rises, in scared disbelief.
TYWIN: If your name wasn't Lannister, you'd be scrubbing out pots in the cook's tent. Go!
REGINALD  exits. ARYA comes to TYWIN's side to pour him some wine. He stops her.
TYWIN: Not wine, water. We'll be here for some time. Girl, where are you from?
ARYA: Maidenpool, my lord.
TYWIN: And who are the Lords of Maidenpool? Remind me.
ARYA: House Mooton, my lord.
TYWIN: And what is their sigil?
ARYA does not answer, she does not know.
TYWIN: A red salmon. I think a Maidenpool girl would remember that. You're a Northerner, aren't you?
ARYA: (nods.)
TYWIN: Good. One more time, where are you from?
ARYA: Barrowton, my lord. House Dustin. Two crossed longaxes beneath a black crown.
TYWIN: And what do they say of Robb Stark in the North?
ARYA: They call him the Young Wolf.
TYWIN: And?
ARYA: They say he rides into battle on the back of a giant direwolf. They say he can turn into a wolf himself when he wants. They say he can't be killed.
TYWIN: And do you believe them?
ARYA: No, my lord. Anyone can be killed.
They stare at one another, unblinking.
TYWIN: Fetch that water.
ARYA exits.
EXT. The exterior of the castle.
Arya walks to fetch water. She turns a corner and sees JAQEN coming towards her, dressed as a gold cloak. She lowers her head, trying to be unnoticed. They pass, and she continues. She enters the catacombs and passes a helmet. She realizes that JAQEN has forgotten it, and that he might return. Indeed, JAQEN turns the corner, walking slowly.
JAQEN: A girl says nothing.
ARYA: (gasps)
JAQEN: A girl keeps her mouth closed. No one hears, and friends may talk in secret, yes? A boy becomes a girl.
ARYA: I was always a girl.
JAQEN: And I was always aware. But the girl keeps secrets. It is not for a man to spoil them.
ARYA: You're one of them now. I should have let you burn.
ARYA picks up the helmet and thrusts it into JAQEN's hands.
JAQEN: And you fetch water for one of them now. Why is this right for you and wrong for me?
ARYA:  I didn't have a choice.
JAQEN: You did. I did. And here we are.
ARYA fills her water pitcher, and steps back as JAQEN approaches her.
JAQEN: A man pays his debts. A man owes three.
ARYA: Three what?
JAQEN: The Red God takes what is his, lovely girl. And only death may pay for life. You saved me and the two I was with. You stole three deaths from the Red God. We have to give them back. Speak three names and the man will do the rest. Three lives I will give you, no more, no less, and we're done.
ARYA: I can name anyone and you'll kill him?
JAQEN: A man has said.
ARYA: The one who tortures everyone.
JAQEN: A man needs a name.
ARYA: I don't know his name. They call him the Tickler.
JAQEN: That is enough. Go now, girl. Your master is thirsty.
ARYA exits quickly.
CUT TO: The North
EXT. A winter landscape. Some men pull a large sled. The Night's Watch marches, single file.
JEOR: He's not here yet. He'd have seen us, blown the horn.
JON: When will he come?
JEOR: The Halfhand does things in his own time.
JON: My uncle told me stories about him.
JEOR: Most of them are true.
JON: I heard the Halfhand spent half of last winter beyond the Wall.
JEOR: The whole winter. He was north of the Skirling Pass when the snows came. Had to wait for the thaw.
JON: So it is possible for someone to survive out here on their own.
JEOR: Well, possible for the Halfhand.
SAM: Beautiful, isn't it? Gilly would love it here.
EDDISON TOLLETT: (to GRENN) There's nothing more sickening than a man in love.
EXT. A snowy cliffside
One of the Night's Watch stands guard while the other set up camp .
MAN: About time you did something. At least you'll keep warm.
SAM: The Fist of the First Men. Think of how old this place is. Before the Targaryens defeated the Andals, before the Andals took Westeros from the First Men.
EDDISON TOLLETT: Before I die, please, stop talking.
SAM: Thousands and thousands of years ago, the First Men stood here where we're standing all through the long night. What do you think they were like, the First Men?
EDDISON TOLLETT: Stupid. Smart people don't find themselves in places like this.
GRENN: (laughs)
JON: I think they were afraid. I think they came here to get away from something. And I don't think it worked.
A horn sounds, and the men pause from their labor to see what is going on.
GRENN: Wildlings?
JON: One blast is for rangers returning. Wildlings is two blasts.
EDDISON TOLLETT: So you got to stand there waiting, wondering. One blast for friends, two for foes.
SAM: And three for White Walkers. It's been a thousand years, but that's the only time they blow the horn three times.
GRENN: But if it's been a thousand years, how do you know?
SAM: Well I read it in a book.
EDDISON TOLLETT: I read it in a book.
EDDISON TOLLETT: and GRENN start to walk off
JON: Look. It's Qhorin Halfhand.
EDDISON TOLLETT: Aye, we'll live another day. Hurrah.
EDDISON TOLLETT leaves.
CUT TO: KINGS LANDING
TYRION is in a basement, holding a pot of wildfire.
HAYLENE: Take care, my lord.
TYRION: I remember reading an old sailors' proverb, "Piss on wildfire and your cock burns off. "
HAYLENE: Oh, I have not conducted this experiment. It could well be true. The substance burns so hot, it melts wood, stone, even steel, and, of course, flesh. The substance burns so hot, it melts flesh like tallow.
TYRION hands the pot to HAYLENE, happy to give over the foul alchemy.
HAYLENE: After the dragons died, wildfire was the key to the Targaryen power.
BRONN: (scoffs)
TYRION: My companion takes issue.
BRONN: If I could tell you how many crazy old men I've seen pushing carts around army camps making grand claims about jars full of pig shit. No offense meant.
HAYLENE: Our order does not deal in pig shit. The substance is fire given form. And we have been perfecting it since the days of Maegor.
BRONN: To do what?
HAYLENE: The jars are put in catapults and flung at the enemy.
TYRION: How much do you have?
HAYLENE starts to lead the others through a door and darker catacombs. TYRION and BRONN follow.
BRONN: If you could get real soldiers to man the catapults, then maybe you'd hit your target one time in ten, but all the real soldiers are in the Riverlands with your father.
HAYLENE: My lord, this man is insulting.
BRONN: I don't know if you've ever seen a battle, old man, but things can get a bit messy. 'Cause when we're flinging things at Stannis, he's flinging them right back at us. Men die, men shit themselves, men run, which means pots falling, which means fire inside the walls, which means the poor cunts trying to defend the city end up burning it down.
TYRION: My friend remains unconvinced.
HAYLENE: He would not dare insult my order whilst Aerys Targaryen lived.
BRONN: Well, he's not living anymore. And all his pots of wildfire didn't help him, did they? Men win wars, not magic tricks.
HAYLENE forces open an ancient door. They enter a storeroom. TYRION is amazed at how much wildfire they have produced.
HAYLENE: We have been working tirelessly, day and night, ever since your royal sister commanded us to do so. Our present count stands at 7,811. Enough to burn Stannis Baratheon's fleet and armies both.
BRONN: This is a shit idea.
TYRION: I'm afraid I have to concur with my advisor, Wisdom Haylene. The contents of this room could lay King's Landing low. You won't be making wildfire for my sister any longer. You'll be making it for me.
CUT TO: QARTH
DAENERYS and DOREAH are on a balcony with Drogon, one of the dragons.
DAENERYS: Dracarys. Dracarys.
The dragon spits forth a small flame which cooks the raw meat before him. The women laugh and applaud.He easts
DAENERYS: He'll be able to feed himself from now on.
DOREAH reaches for Drogon.
DAENERYS: Let him sleep, Doreah.
DOREAH: Yes, Khaleesi.
Drogon climbs on DOREAH hand.
DAENERYS: (amused) He loves you.
IRRI: (Dothraki) I rewove this part of the top. And I fixed the heel on this one.
DAENERYS: Thank you, my friend.
DOREAH: Did you see the dress Xaro had made for you? They say he's the wealthiest man in Qarth.
IRRI: It is known.
DOREAH: And if Qarth is the wealthiest city in Essos
DAENERYS: The last time a rich man gave me a dress, he was selling me to Khal Drogo.
IRRI: (Dothraki) May he ride forever through the night lands.
DAENERYS: Xaro is our host, but we know nothing about him. Men like to talk about other men when they're happy.
DOREAH: (chuckles) You would look like a real princess in Xaro's
IRRI: She's not a princess. She's a Khaleesi. You should wear it, Khaleesi.
All three are quiet in the awkward moment.
IRRI: You are their guest. It would be rude not to.
IRRI exits.
EXT. QARTH GARDEN PARTY
DAENERYS mingles during an elegant garden party.
WOMAN: And you must visit the night market. The Qartheen night market is like no night market you've ever seen.
DAENERYS: It sounds wonderful.
WOMAN: The Meereenis think they have a night market. I will take you there myself.
DAENERYS: Please excuse me for a moment.
DAENERYS joins JORAH, who is speaking with two Dothraki.
JORAH: (speakss Dothraki)
DAENERYS: What are they doing?
JORAH: Malakko says the statue is too heavy to carry. Kovarro says that Malakko is an idiot. They can pry out the gems, the rest is pure gold. Very soft. He can chop off as much as we can carry.
KOVARRO: (Dothraki) Or melt it. Very simple.
DAENERYS: (Dothraki)  We are his guests! You can't pry it or chop it or melt it.
KOVARRO: (Dothraki) Of course not, Khaleesi! We will wait until we leave.
DAENERYS: (Dothraki) Not even when we leave.
KOVARRO: (Dothraki) Why not?
DAENERYS: (Dothraki) Our host saved us from the Red Waste and you want to steal from him? I will hear no more.
KOVARRO and MALAKKO exit. KOVARRO steals a goblet along the way.
DAENERYS: My brother used to say the only thing the Dothraki knew how to do was steal things better men have built.
JORAH: It's not the only thing. They're quite good at killing the better men.
DAENERYS: That's not the kind of queen I'm going to be.
PYATT PREE approaches them and bows.
PYATT PREE: Mother of Dragons. On behalf of the warlocks of Qarth, I welcome you. A demonstration?
PYATT PREE offers his hand and DAENERYS takes it. He places a gem in her palm.
PYATT PREE: Take this gem. Look at it. Into its depths. So many facets. Look closely enough and you can see yourself in them. Often more than once.
PYATT PREE looks over his shoulder to his own doppelganger, who stands motionless. The crowd gasps.
PYATT PREE: Should you grow tired of Xaro's baubles and trinkets, it would be an honor to host you at the House of the Undying. You are always welcome, Mother of Dragons.
PYATT PREE and his twin both leave. The crowd applauds at the illusion. XARO comes to DAENERYS's side from the crowd.
XARO: My apologies. Pyatt Pree is one of the Thirteen. It was customary for me to extend him an invitation. Customs die slow deaths in Qarth.
DAENERYS: What is the House of the Undying?
XARO: It is where the warlocks go to squint at dusty books and drink shade of the evening. It turns their lips blue and their minds soft. So soft, they actually believe their parlor tricks are magic.
XARO leads DAENERYS away, leaving JORAH behind. QUAITHE, a masked woman, talks to JORAH.s
QUAITHE: You watch over her.
JORAH: Do I know you?
QUAITHE: I know you. Jorah Mormont of Bear Island.
JORAH: Who are you?
QUAITHE: I'm no one. But she is the Mother of Dragons. She needs true protectors, now more than ever. They shall come day and night to see the wonder born into the world again. And when they see, they shall lust, for dragons are fire made flesh. And fire is power.
QUAITHE leaves.
CUT TO: WOODS IN THE SHADOWLANDS
BRIENNE and CATELYN stand next to a stream, having stopped to water their horses.
BRIENNE: It looked like Stannis.
CATELYN: To me it just looked like... A shadow in the shape of a man.
BRIENNE: In the shape of Stannis.
CATELYN is unsure.
CATELYN:  We should reach my son's camp tomorrow.
BRIENNE: Will you stay there long, my lady?
CATELYN: Only long enough to tell Robb what I have seen. After that, I will leave for Winterfell. My two youngest need me. I've been away from them for far too long.
BRIENNE: I never knew my mother.
CATELYN: I'm sorry.
CATELYN walks to the fire and sits.  BRIENNE follows.
CATELYN: My own mother died on the birthing bed when I was very young.
BRIENNE: It's a bloody business.
CATELYN:  What comes after is even harder.
BRIENNE: Once you're safely back amongst your own people, will you give me leave to go, my lady?
CATELYN: You mean to kill Stannis.
BRIENNE: I swore a vow.
CATELYN: But Stannis has a great army around him. His own guards are sworn to keep him safe.
CATELYN: I'm as good as any of them. I should never have fled.
CATELYN: Renly's death was no fault of yours. You served him bravely.
BRIENNE: I only held him that once as he was dying.
CATELYN stands and faces BRIENNE.
CATELYN: He's gone, Brienne. You serve nothing and no one by following him into the earth. Renly's enemies are Robb's enemies as well.
BRIENNE: I do not know your son, my lady. But I could serve you, if you would have me. You have courage. Not battle courage, perhaps, but, I don't know, a woman's kind of courage. And I think that when the time comes, you will not hold me back. Promise me that you will not hold me back from Stannis.
CATELYN: When the time comes, I will not hold you back.
BRIENNE draws her sword and kneels to pledge her loyalty.
BRIENNE: Then I am yours, my lady. I will shield your back and give my life for yours, if it comes to that. I swear it by the Old Gods and the new.
CATELYN:  I vow that you shall always have a place in my home and at my table and that I shall ask no service of you that might bring you dishonor. I swear it by the Old Gods and the new.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
INT. The main hall of Winterfell.
RICKON cracks nuts while BRAN receives visitors. LUWIN sits at his side.
WINTERFELL SHEPHERD: And it's not just thieves, my lord. There's wolves in them hills now, more than I ever seen. They come down in the night and they kill my sheep. My three sons is away fighting for your brother, my lord. They'll fight, keep fighting till they're told to go home. I have no one to man my flock now. Only me. I can't keep watch all day and all night.
BRAN: We can send two orphan boys from Winterstown home with you to help watch over your flock if you can give them room and board.
WINTERFELL SHEPHERD: My wife always prayed for more children. We'll look after them. Thank you, my lord. And may the gods bless you and yours.
The WINTERFELL SHEPHERD leaves.
BRAN: (to RICKON) Stop it. If that's everyone, I'm going to go for a ride before dark.
LUWIN: Good.
BRAN: Hodor.
HODOR: Hodor.
RODRIK enters.
RODRIK: Bran! Lord Stark.  Torrhen's Square is under siege.
LUWIN: Torrhen's Square is barely 40 leagues from here. How can the Lannisters strike so far north?
RODRIK: Might be a raiding party led by the mountain. Might be sellswords paid by Tywin Lannister.
BRAN: We have to help them.
RODRIK: Most of the fighting men are away with Robb, but I can gather 200 decent men.
LUWIN: Do you need so many?
BRAN: If we can't protect our own bannermen, why should they protect us? Go, Ser Rodrik. Take the men you need.
RODRIK: Won't take long, my lord. Southerners don't do well up here.
RODRIK exits with his entourage.
EXT WINTERFELL
HODOR carries BRAN through the courtyard. OSHA walks beside him.
BRAN: So, what does it mean?
OSHA: Ask your Maester Luwin. He's the one studying books all the time.
BRAN: I did ask him. He'd never heard of a three-eyed raven.
OSHA: Must not mean anything, then.
BRAN: You're lying.
OSHA: You might be a little lord, but don't you call me a liar.
BRAN: You know what it means.
OSHA: I never said I didn't.
BRAN: You didn't give me an honest answer.
OSHA: That's not the same as being a liar.
BRAN: Well, it's not far off.
OSHA: So, you've been dreaming of a three-eyed raven again? In the godswood, you told me you didn't dream. Now who's a liar? What did you see in your dream?
BRAN doesn't answer.
OSHA: Something bad? Tell me, boy.
BRAN: I dreamt that the sea came to Winterfell. I saw waves crashing against the gates and the water came flowing over the walls It flooded the castle. Drowned men were floating here, in the yard. Ser Rodrik was one of them.
OSHA: The sea is hundreds of miles away.
BRAN: I know. It's just a stupid dream.
OSHA: I've got to get these potatoes to the kitchen. Otherwise they'll put me in chains again.
BRAN: Osha. The three-eyed raven, what do they say about it north of the Wall?
OSHA: They say all sorts of crazy things north of the Wall.
OSHA exits.
CUT TO: NORTH OF THE WALL
EXT. A winter storm howls as the Knight's Watchmen persevere.
QHORIN: There.
JEOR: Where?
QHORIN: On that mountain.
SAM: I don't see very well.
JON: A fire.
QHORIN: There's a fire. The people sitting around it have better eyes than yours or mine. When they see us coming, that fire becomes a signal. Gives Mance Rayder plenty of time to throw a party in our honor.
JEOR: How many wildlings have joined him?
QHORIN: From what we can tell, all of them. Mance has gathered them all like deer against the wolves. They're almost ready to make their move.
JON:  Where?
QHORIN: Somewhere safe. Somewhere south. Can't just march into their midst. And we can't wait for them here with nothing but a pile of stones to protect us.
JEOR: You saying we should fall back to the Wall?
QHORIN: Mance was one of us once. Now he's one of them. He's going to teach them our way of doing things. They'll hit us in force and they won't run away when we hit back. They're gonna be more organized than before, more disciplined, more like us. So we need to be more like them, do things their way. Sneak in, kill Mance, and scatter them to the winds before they can march on the Wall. And to do that
JEOR: We need to get rid of those lookouts.
QHORIN: It's not a job for 400 men. I need to move fast and silent. Harker, Stonesnake, Borba.
JON: Lord Commander, I'd like to join Lord Qhorin.
QHORIN: I've been called lots of things, but that might be my first Lord Qhorin. You're a steward, Snow, not a ranger.
JON: I've fought and killed a wight. How many rangers can say that?
QHORIN:  He's the one?
JEOR: Aye. You killed a wight. You also let an old man beat you bloody and take your sword.
QHORIN: Craster? In the boy's defense, that's a tough old goat.
SAM: I could take up Jon's duties while he's gone, my lord. It would be no trouble.
JEOR: Well, I hope you make a better ranger than you do a steward. Go on.
EXT. QARTH GARDEN
The garden party has continued into the night.
XARO: So, tell me, how long has your manservant been in love with you?
DAENERYS: He's not my manservant and he's not in love with me. He's my advisor and he's my friend.
XARO: Unlikely. I can almost always tell what a man wants.
DAENERYS: And what about what a woman wants?
XARO: Much more complicated. You, for example, what do you want?
DAENERYS: To cross the Narrow Sea and take back the Iron Throne.
XARO: Why?
DAENERYS: Because I promised my khalasar I'd protect them and find them a safe home.
XARO: You want to conquer the Seven Kingdoms for the Dothraki?
DAENERYS: I want them because they're mine by right. The Iron Throne is mine and I will take it.
XARO: Ah, a conqueror.
DAENERYS:  And how did you get all of this? Did someone give it to you?
XARO: No. I come from nothing. I hit the docks like a piece of cargo, except someone normally cares what happens to cargo.
DAENERYS: So you wanted more than you had and you took it. You're a conqueror, too. You're just less ambitious.
XARO: (chuckles)
DAENERYS: What do you want, Xaro Xhoan Daxos? At the gates of the city, you bled for me. Why?
XARO: I will show you why.
He leads her away.
INT. A VAULT.
XARO strikes the door of the vault with a sword.
XARO: The door and the vault is made of Valyrian stone. The hardest steel does not make a mark. I offered the greatest locksmiths in Qarth their weight in gold if they could break into it. I made the same offer to the greatest thieves. They all went home empty-handed. The only thing that can open this door is this key.
DAENERYS: And behind the door?
XARO: (chuckles)
DAENERYS: And it can all be mine?
XARO: All? Let us say half. More than enough to buy horses, ships, armies.  Enough to go home.
DAENERYS: All I have to do?
XARO: Is marry me.
DAENERYS: That was a romantic proposal.
XARO: I've already married once for love, but the gods stole her from me. I come from nothing. My mother and father never owned a pair of shoes. But marry me, and I will give you the Seven Kingdoms and our children will be princes and princesses.
DAENERYS thinks about his proposition.
XARO: See? I have more ambition than you thought. The time is right, Daenerys Targaryen, First of Your Name. Robert Baratheon is dead.
INT. DAENERYS'S CHAMBERS
JORAH: If you cross the sea with an army you bought and a foreign husband who paid for it . . .
DAENERYS: The Seven Kingdoms are at war with one another. Four false kings destroying the country.
JORAH: To win Westeros, you need support from Westeros.
DAENERYS: The usurper is dead.
JORAH: (laughs)
DAENERYS: The Starks fight the Lannisters, and Baratheons fight each other.
JORAH: According to your new friend who earned your trust by cutting his hand?
DAENERYS: The time to strike is now. We need to find ships and an army or we'll spend the rest of our lives rotting away at the edge of the world.
JORAH: Rich men do not become rich by giving more than they get. They'll give you ships and soldiers and they'll own you forever. Moving carefully is the hard way, but it's the right way.
DAENERYS: And if I'd listened to that advice outside the gates of Qarth, we'd all be dead by now.
DAENERYS: Do not speak to me like I'm a child.
JORAH: I only want
DAENERYS:  What do you want? Tell me.
JORAH: To see you on the Iron Throne.
DAENERYS:  Why?
JORAH: You have a good claim. A title. A birthright. But you have something more than that. You may cover it up and deny it, but you have a gentle heart. You would not only be respected and feared, you would be loved. Someone who can rule and should rule. Centuries come and go without a person like that coming into the world. There are times when I look at you and I still can't believe you're real.
DAENERYS: So what would you have me do, as my advisor?
JORAH: Make your own way. Find your own ship. You only need one. The allies we need are in Westeros, not Qarth.
DAENERYS: And how do I get the ship?
JORAH: I'll find it for you. A sound ship with a good captain.
DAENERYS: I look forward to meeting him.
JORAH: Khaleesi.
JORAH bows and exits.
EXT. RIVERLANDS
Tywin's emcampment with the recruits still held prisoner.
GENDRY fires a sword, and cools it in a bucket of water, while ARYA sits, bored.
ARYA: You should stand sideface.
GENDRY: Sideface?
ARYA: Sideways.
GENDRY: Why?
ARYA: Smaller target.
GENDRY: Am I fighting someone?
ARYA: You're practicing for a fight. You should practice right.
A loud thud is heard, and a woman screams off camera. Arya rushes over to gold cloaks who surround a prone body.
GOLD CLOAK: Guards! Did you see anything? Go up there. Go and see where he fell from.
ARYA looks down upon the twisted body of the TICKLER. She looks up.
GOLD CLOAK: Go up the battlement.
WOMAN: That is strange.
ARYA spies JAQEN standing in the battlement above. He touches a finger beneath his eye. ARYA understands the gesture.
GOLD CLOAK: Move away. Stand back. He's dead.
EXT: WINTERFELL
LUWIN pushes through a wooden exterior door, closes it and locks it behind him. Sounds of screaming and barking can be heard in the background. He turns and begins to write a message on a scroll. He attaches it to a raven and releases it just as the ironborn crash through the door. They take LUWIN prisoner.
INT: BRAN'S ROOM
THEON and DAGMER enter BRAN's room. THEON  walks up to the young lord, who lies in bed.
THEON: I've taken your castle.
BRAN: Theon?
THEON: It's Prince Theon now. Get up. You have to get dressed. I've taken Winterfell. I took it. I'm occupying it. I sent men over the walls with grappling claws and ropes.
BRAN: Why?
THEON: To take the castle.
BRAN: You went with Robb.
THEON: And he sent me back to Pyke. I'm a Greyjoy. I can't fight for Robb and my father both. Where's Hodor?
BRAN: I don't know.
THEON: Find the halfwit.
DAGMER: (nods)
THEON: My men are bringing your people together in the courtyard.
BRAN: Why?
BRAN: I won't.
THEON: Yes, you will.
THEON moves closer to BRAN, who pulls himself up by a rope, hung from the ceilling.
BRAN: I won't. I'll never yield. We'll fight you and throw you out.
THEON sits next to BRAN on the bed.
THEON:  The castle is mine. But these people are still yours. You'll yield to keep them safe, to keep them alive. That's what a good lord would do. Think carefully about what you want to say.
THEON gets up to leave.
BRAN: Theon. Did you hate us the whole time?
EXT: WINTERFELL COURTYARD
BRAN addresses a crow, sitting next to THEON. DAGMER, LUWIN, HODOR and RICKON stand watching.
BRAN: I've yielded Winterfell to Theon.
THEON: Louder. Say Prince Theon.
BRAN: I've yielded Winterfell to Prince Theon. You all know me.
FARLEN: Aye, we know you for a steaming sack of shit.
BRAN: Farlen, you be silent.
THEON: Listen to your little lord, Farlen. He has more sense than you do.
BRAN: All of you should do as he commands.
FARLEN: Bugger that. I serve the Starks. If you think you can hold the North with it
An iron born clubs FARLEN over the head. He screams and stumbles to the ground.
IRONBORN: Shut up!
THEON: If you serve me as loyally as you served Ned Stark, I will be as good to you as he ever was. Betray me, and you will wish you hadn't. Maester Luwin, send a raven to Pyke informing my father of my victory here. And one to Deepwood Motte to my sister. Inform her that she's to bring You are a maester of the Citadel, sworn to serve the Lord of Winterfell, are you not?
LUWIN: I am.
THEON: I am the Lord of Winterfell as Bran just informed you. Send the ravens.
LUWIN: My lord.
LUWIN exits, resigned. OSHA comes forward from the crowd.
OSHA: My Lord Greyjoy.
THEON: I see you've finally learned how to address your betters. What do you want? I was brought here a captive.
OSHA: You were here the day I was taken.
THEON: I'm the one who took you. What of it?
OSHA kneels.
OSHA: Let me serve you.
THEON: Serve me how? I need fighters, not kitchen sluts.
OSHA: It was Robb Stark who put me in the kitchens. Put a spear in my hand again.
THEON: So you can bury it in my neck? Do you take me for a fool? Get up.
OSHA rises and brushes past THEON.
OSHA: Step aside.
BRAN: Why?
OSHA: It's your dream, little lord. The ocean has come to swallow this place. I ain't letting it drown me.
THEON: You'll all go about your tasks as usual. And in a few days' time
BLACK LORREN: Greyjoy!
BLACK LORREN and another iron born bring a captive, bound and bloodied RODRIK CASSL into the courtyard.
BLACK LORREN: We caught this one on his way back from Torrhen's Square. Took out two of ours before I got his sword.
THEON: Ser Rodrik, it grieves me that we meet as foes.
RODRIK: It grieves me you've less honor than a back alley whore. You were raised here under this roof. These people are your people.
THEON: They are not my people.
RODRIK: King Robb thought of you as a brother.
THEON: My brothers are dead. They died fighting Stark men, men like you.
RODRIK: Aye, they died fighting a war your father started. Lord Stark raised you among his own sons.
THEON: Among them, but not one of them. I was his hostage, taken from my home.
RODRIK: If he were alive to see this
THEON: He's not. He's dead. The Seven Kingdoms are at war. And Winterfell is mine.
RODRIK: I should have put a sword in your belly instead of in your hand.
THEON: You've served this house faithfully, old man. But keep talking and I'll
RODRIK spits in THEON's face. The iron born wrestle him to the ground.
THEON:  Take him to the cells. Lock him up
DAGMER: My prince. You cannot let that stand. He must pay.
THEON:  I'll lock him in a cell until he rots.
DAGMER: No, he has to pay the iron price. They'll never respect you while he lives.
THEON considers and RODRIK fumes, on his knees. THEON looks at BRAN.
THEON: Ser Rodrik, I sentence you to death!
BRAN: No! You said no harm would come to them if I yielded.
THEON: The old man couldn't keep his mouth shut.
LUWIN: I urge you not to make a hasty decision.
THEON: He disrespected me in front of my men. That was his decision, not mine.
LUWIN: He is worth more to you alive than dead. The Starks will pay. Please, Theon, think what you do.
THEON considers, but DAGMER gives a quick shake of his head.
THEON:  You'll address me as Prince Theon or you'll be next.
DAGMER: Come.
BLACK LORREN and a second Iron Born pull RODRIK up. DAGMER draws his sword and steps across the courtyard. They follow, with RODRIK resisting.
BRAN: No! No! Theon! Please. Ser Rodrik!
The ironborn hold RODRIK in front of THEON and DAGMER. DAGMER is stands ready to execute RODRIK
RODRIK: He who passes the sentence should swing the sword.
BRAN: I'm begging you.
RODRIK: Coward.
RODRIK is forced to his knees and THEON draws his sword in a wide arc.
BRAN: Stop. Stop! Stop right now!
THEON: You don't give commands anymore, little lord.
BRAN: Please, stop this. Please stop him.
RODRIK: Hush now, child. I'm off to see your father.
BRAN: You said no harm would come! You said no harm would come. Theon, please.
It starts to rain and Theon breathes heavily, his eyes wild. He holds his sword to the back of RODRIK's neck.
THEON: Any last words, old man?
RODRIK: Gods help you, Theon Greyjoy. Now you are truly lost.
BRAN: Theon, please don't.
RICKON: Do something!
BRAN: I'll do anything, please! No, please stop it!
THEON swings his sword down onto RODRIK's neck, but not hard enough to decapitate him. RODRIK spits up blood, suffering. Enraged, THEON swings three more times, then kicks RODRIK's severed head away. THEON pants while BRAN wails.
EXT: NORTH OF THE WALL
Ghost plods ahead of the Night's Watchmen.
JON: Ghost, stay with us. Ghost!
QHORIN: There goes your pet.
JON: He's not a pet.
QHORIN: No, you're right, he's not. You can't tame a wild thing. You can't trust a wild thing.
JON: Ghost is different.
QHORIN: So you think. Wild creatures have their own rules, their own reasons. And you'll never know them. Now the wildlings we're looking for sleep during the day and hunt at night.
JON: I thought you said you couldn't know wild things.
QHORIN: I said you can't. They find a nice cave to hide in while the sun's up and do their killing when it's dark.
JON: We could do the same.
QHORIN: No, we couldn't. This is their country. They know where to walk, where not to walk. I've lost good men who fell into a crevasse they didn't see till they were in it.
JON: My father always said I'm of the North.
QHORIN: (laughs)
JON: I wasn't joking.
QHORIN: Look around, boy. This look like home to you? You start thinking you know this place, it will kill you. You understand me?
JON: (nods)
QHORIN: No, you don't. We're at war. We've always been at war. It's never going to end 'cause we're not fighting an enemy. We're fighting the North, and it's not going anywhere. The Watch has given you a great gift. You only have one thing to give in return, your life.
JON:  I'll gladly give my life.
QHORIN: I don't want you to be glad about it. I want you to curse and fight until your heart's done pumping. And know this, boy. Your death will be a gift for them south of the Wall. They'll never know what you've done. They'll never know how you died. They won't even know your damn name. But they'll be alive because some nameless bastard north of the Wall gave his life for theirs. Now, do you understand me?
JON: I do.
QHORIN: You're even dumber than you look. It's just words, boy, to keep us a little warmer in the night. Make us feel like we've got a purpose. Come on. We've got to find these goat fuckers before night falls and they find us.
Ghost walks behind the men. JON moves to catch up.
INT: SHADOWLANDS CASTLE
TYWIN meets with his war council. ARYA comes in to serve wine.
TYWIN: Can you read?
AMORY: My lord?
TYWIN: Can you read?
AMORY stares blankly.
TYWIN: This letter detailing our infantry movements was meant for Lord Damon of House Marbrand. It was sent to Lord Marlyn of House Dormand.
AMORY: My apologies, my lord. I must have
TYWIN: Girl, fetch me the History of the Greater and the Lesser Houses. It's the one on this
ARYA picks up the correct volume right away and brings it to the table. TYWIN chuckes and stands.
TYWIN: My cupbearer can read better than you.
TYWIN opens the book
TYWIN: To whom does House Dormand owe allegiance?
ARMORY: My lord, I
TYWIN: To the Starks of Winterfell! Who have 20,000 men and my son! I judged you might be good for something more than brutalizing peasants. I see I overestimated you. If you ever put my son's life at risk again, I'll Leave us.
AMORY stands, and leaves.
TYWIN: Put the book away, girl. Maybe you should devise our next battle plan while you're about it.
There is a knock on the door and a kings guard enters.
GUARD: Lord Petyr Baelish.
TYWIN: Mmm. Give us the room.
The war councils leaves.
TYWIN: (to Arya) Clear all this.
LITTLEFINGER enters.
LITTLEFINGER: Lord Tywin.
TYWIN: (not amused) Baelish.
ARYA continues to clear the table.
TYWIN:  Wine?
LITTLEFINGER: Thank you.
They sit at the table. ARYA takes a deep breath, for she does not want LITTLEFINGER to recognize her, while she must also attend to TYWIN without raising his suspicions.
TYWIN: What news from the capital?
LITTLEFINGER: I traveled here directly from Renly Baratheon's camp.
TYWIN: Ah, the late King Renly. Rather a short reign. Murdered by a woman, I hear.
LITTLEFINGER: So they say. There has been talk of other forces at work. Dark forces.
ARYA serves wine to LITTLEFINGER, who raises his glass to his lips. ARYA tries to walk away from the table, but TYWIN stops her, and hands her more to clear.
TYWIN: Here. Men love to blame demons when their grand plans unravel.
LITTLEFINGER: It is my belief that a moment of chaos affords opportunities lost soon after.
TYWIN: You say that as if you were the first man alive to think it. Yes, a crisis is an opportunity. What other brilliant insights have you brought me today?
TYWIN:  Yes, yes, yes.
LITTLEFINGER: The Tyrells have not yet declared for any of the surviving kings. Loras wants revenge. He blames Stannis for Renly's death. And Margaery
TYWIN: Wants to be queen.
LITTLEFINGER: Yes, she does.
TYWIN: House Tyrell rebelled against the Iron Throne. Against my grandson.
LITTLEFINGER: They did. And perhaps that treason should be punished one day, after Stannis and Robb Stark are defeated.
TYWIN: (to Arya) More wine for Lord Baelish.
ARYA continues to move so that LITTLEFINGER cannot see her face clearly.
LITTLEFINGER: If you will allow me to represent your family's interests, I believe that an advantageous agreement TYWIN: The Tyrell host has returned to Highgarden?
LITTLEFINGER: They have.
ARYA spills some wine, and tries to mop it up in a panic.
ARYA: Pardon, my lord.
LITTLEFINGER:  It's only wine.
LITTLEFINGER tries to look at ARYA's face, but TYWIN pulls his attention away.
TYWIN: You would ride there yourself?
LITTLEFINGER: Tonight, with your leave.
TYWIN:  I'll have an answer by nightfall. That'll be all, girl.
ARYA steps away from the table, but continues to listen as she walks away.
TYWIN: And what else?
LITTLEFINGER: On your son Tyrion's directive, I met with Catelyn Stark.
TYWIN: Why?
LITTLEFINGER: He had an interesting proposal for her concerning her daughters.
TYWIN: Hmm.
EXT: NORTH OF THE WALL.
JON, QHORIN and the party of Night's Watchmen creep among rocks and snow of a mountaintop, stalking a wildling camp by a fire. The wildlings, tending to their duties. QHORIN signals and one of the Night's Watchmen lets loose an arrow, striking a wildling in the chest. A short skirmish ensues. JON grapples a hooded wildling into submission, after preventing her from grabbing a weapon. Her hood falls away to reveal YGRITTE, panting. JON is shocked.
JON: A girl.
QHORIN: A wildling.
JON: We could question her.
QHORIN: You could. She won't answer. I've known a wildling to bite off his tongue instead of talking.
JON: What's your name?
YGRITTE: Ygritte.
QHORIN picks up the axe that YGRITTE was reaching for.
QHORIN: She was reaching for this ax when you got to her. Give her half a chance, she'll bury it in your face.
QHORIN throws the axe down to emphasize his point.
YGRITTE: I gave you my name.
JON: I'm Jon Snow.
JON stands back but keeps his blade trained on YGRITTE's face. She looks at the fallen wildlings.
YGRITTE: You ought to burn them you killed.
QHORIN:  We'd need a big fire for that. Tell me, Ygritte. Why do you want us to build a big fire? Are there some more friends in the area?
YGRITTE: Burn them or maybe you'll need those swords again.
QHORIN: Our boy here's already killed one dead man. He can do it again if he has to. What waits beyond the pass?
YGRITTE: The free folk.
QHORIN:  How many?
YGRITTE:  Hundreds and thousands. More than you've ever seen, crow.
QHORIN: Why come to the mountains? What's in the Frostfangs your king could want?
YGRITTE doesn't answer. She locks eyes with JON.
QHORIN: Do you mean to march on the Wall?
QHORIN leans down closely and places his hand on YGRITTE's face.
QHORIN: Do you know who I am, girl?
YGRITTE: Qhorin Halfhand.
QHORIN:  Tell me true. If your people captured me, would they take me prisoner?
YGRITTE: They'd take your head off your shoulders if they was feeling kind. If not, they'd kill you slow.
QHORIN nods and stands back.
QHORIN: We have no food for her. Can't spare a man to watch her. Can't let her go. She'll bring Mance Rayder's army down on us. It needs to be done. Want me to do it?
QHORIN draws his sword.
JON: No. No, I'll do it.
QHORIN: Come, brothers. We'll leave him to it. We'll meet you at the top. Don't take too long. We're deep in their country now.
QHORIN and the watchmen exit. JON points his sword at YGRITTE's face, who still lays still on the rocks. He hesitates.
YGRITTE: You never killed a woman before, did you? You don't need to do it. Mance would take you. I know he would. There's secret ways. The crows would never catch us.
JON pushed the point of his sword into her chin to quiet her.
JON: I'm as much a crow as they are.
YGRITTE rolls onto her stomach, accepting her fate. JON positions his sword above the back of her neck.
YGRITTE: Will you burn me? After?
JON: Can't. Someone might see the smoke.
YGRITTE pulls her hood back in frustration. She wants a clean death. JON rests the sword on the back of her neck.
YGRITTE:  Strike hard and true, Jon Snow, or I'll come back and haunt you. That's cold.
JON continues to hesistate. Go on. Be quick about it.
JON pulls the sword away. YGRITTE looks at him in frustration.
YGRITTE:  Do it. Bastard, do it!
JON brings his sword over his head, and strikes downward, hitting the rock in front of YGRITTE's head. She looks at the blade before her face, and realizes that JON cannot bring himself to kill her. They look at one another and she seizes her chance. She slams a rock into JON's knee, and he falls. She runs, putting her hood back on. JON pursues her as she runs down the mountainside. Both are desperate. JON can't seem to catch up, but he spies an opportunity to shortcut the fleeing YGRITTE. He takes another route, and slides down a hill to tackle YGRITTE. He drops his sword in the process, but pulls out a knife, and places at her throat.
YGRITTE:  You can't do it. We both know it.
JON turns her over, and stands above her.
YGRITTE: The sun's going down, Jon Snow. And your friends are nowhere close.
JON: I'll find them.
YGRITTE:  Call for them. Go on. Call loudly.
EXT: KING'S LANDING
A shoreline at King's Landing. In a skiff crowded with people, MYRCELLA sit down, looking back at the shore. The HIGH SEPTON (OR JUST A SEPTON?) blesses her travels.
HIGH SEPTON: May the Seven guide the princess on her journey. May the Mother give her health. May the crone give her wisdom. May the warrior give her courage.
CERSEI and TYRION watch the boat disembark.
CERSEI: One day I pray you love someone. I pray you love her so much, when you close your eyes, you see her face. I want that for you. I want you to know what it's like to love someone, to truly love someone. Before I take her from you.
TYRION turns to face her. CERSEI continues to look straight ahead. He walks away, silently.
CUT TO: JOFFREY, SANSA, TOMMEN and MERYN watching in the crowd. TOMMEN is crying.
JOFFREY: You sound like a little cat mewling for his mother. Princes don't cry.
SNSA: I saw you cry.
JOFFREY: Did you say something, my lady?
SANSA: My little brother cried when I left Winterfell.
JOFFREY: So?
SANSA: It seems a normal thing.
JOFFREY: Is your little brother a prince?
SANSA: No.
JOFFREY: Not really relevant then, is it? Come, dog.
JOFFREY leaves, followed by the HOUND. They walk past CERSEI on their way out. She still stares after the skiff.
EXT: THE STREES OF KING'S LANDING
JOFFREY walks through the crowd, among his kingsguard. TYRION and TOMMEN are with him. The crowd begins to hassle JOFFREY.
MAN: Hail Joffrey! Hail to the King. Seven blessings on you, Your Grace.
MAN #2: Murderer! Bastard!
MAN #3: All hail the King.
MAN #4: He's no king.
MAN #5: He's a bastard!
MAN #6:Please, Your Grace, we're hungry.
MAN #7: Freak.
TYRION turns to one of the guards.
TYRION: Get the Prince back to the Keep now.
GUARD: Yes, my lord. Come, quickly.
Some of the guards escort TOMMEN away, hopefully to safety.
WOMAN: Please, Your Grace, give us some food!
MAN: Bread, Your Grace, please!
JOFFREY ignores them, until he is hit in the face with a mudball. He groans and doubles over. The HOUND and the other kingsguard draw their swords to defend the king.
JOFFREY: Who threw that? I want the man who threw that. Find who did that and bring him to me!
The HOUND holds JOFFREY back, trying to control him.
GUARD: Hold on!
GUARD #2: Hold them back!
The kingsguard push into the crowd. A full riot begins. SANSA and her hand maidens are scared.
JOFFREY: Just kill them! Kill them all!
CERSEI looks back at TYRION
TYRION:  Move. Move!
The HOUND grabs JOFFREY around the chest and guides him forward.
GUARD: Pull back!
MAN: Tear him to pieces!
JOFFREY: What are you doing? I want these people executed!
HOUND: And they want the same for you.
The riot escalates. SANSA flees awkwardly. TYRION watches in horror as the crowd tears one of their party limb from limb. The crowd cheers.
TYRION: Where's Sansa?
GUARD: Through the door.
GUARD #2: Come on.
GUARD #3: Push hard.
The crowd closes around them. MERYN strikes down one of the crowd.
MERYN: Protect the king!
GUARD: Get back!
GUARD #2: Fall back! Keep him safe!
The Hound passes JOFFREY off to  MERYN and sets on the crowd. Meanwhile, the kingsguard shepherd Joffrey through a gate.
GUARD: Come in! Come in!
CUARD #2: Keep him safe!
CROWD: Motherfucker! Brotherfucker!
GUARD: Watch out. Hold them back.
GUARD #2: Come on.
SANSA is trapped by the crowd. She runs down a dark passage, and some men from the crowd follow
MAN: Hey.
CUT TO: JOFFREY and his guards, safely away from the crowd.
TYRION: You blind, bloody fool.
JOFFREY: You can't insult me.
TYRION: We've had vicious kings and we've had idiot kings, but I don't know if we've ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king.
JOFFREY: You can't
TYRION: I can, I am.
JOFFREY: They attacked me!
TYRION: They threw a cow pie at you, so you decided to kill them all? They're starving, you fool. All because of a war you started.
JOFFREY: You're talking to a king!
TYRION slaps him.
TYRION: And now I've struck a king. Did my hand fall from my wrist? Where is the Stark girl?
JOFFREY: Let them have her.
TYRION: If she dies, you'll never get your Uncle Jaime back. You owe him quite a bit, you know.
CUT TO: KINGS LANDING INTERIOR
SANSA runs in desperation from the men who pursue her. One catches up grabs her arm. She slaps him, and he hits her in return. She spins to the ground. Two other men catch up. They tear at her cloths.
MAN: Where are you going?
MAN #2:You ever been fucked, little girl?  Come here.
CUT TO: the royal party
TYRION: Take some men and go and find the Stark girl.
MERYN: I take my orders from the king.
MAN: Where? This way.
CUT TO: Sansa and her assailants
The three men drag SANSA across the floor. She fights back but there are too many of them.
SANSA: Please! No! No!
The men continue their assault. One holds down her hands while the others tear at her clothes. The HOUND appears and guts one of them, holding him by the neck before dropping him to the floor. He takes care of the rest. SANSA lies on the ground, terrified and whimpering.
MAN: Please!
The HOUND reaches down to help SANSA up.
HOUND: You're all right now, little bird. You're all right.
She accepts his help, and he carries her away, over his shoulder.
CUT TO: The riot
The melee continues. It has spiraled further out of control.
CUT TO: the royal part
The HOUND carries SANSA past TYRION and into safety with the rest of the royal party. He sets her down gently, with her back to the wall
MAN: We'll get you.
MAN #2:  We'll get you.
MAN #3: This way.
TYRION: Are you hurt, my lady?
HOUND: The little bird's bleeding. Someone take her back to her cage. See to that cut.
TYRION:  Well done, Clegane.
HOUND: I didn't do it for you.
EXT: A COURTYARD IN MEREEN
DAENERYS paces while XARO watches. KOVARRO sits nearby.
DAENERYS: He shouldn't make me wait.
XARO: The Spice King is the second wealthiest man in Qarth. He makes everyone wait. Of course, you could have avoided this embarrassment if you married the wealthiest man in Qarth.
DAENERYS: I already have a husband.
XARO: Khal Drogo is gone, Khaleesi. You are far too young to be a widow forever and far too beautiful.
DAENERYS: And you are far too smart to think that I will succumb to flattery.
XARO: I have traveled very far in my life and met many women, but none that are immune to flattery.
SPICE KING:The Mother of Dragons!
XARO: Ah, here he comes.
The SPICE KING enters, descending a staircase with his entourage.
SPICE KING: Forgive me. I had terrible dreams last night. Terrible dreams. I could not sleep until the sun was shining and the birds were singing. Look what a beauty you are now the Red Waste has been washed off you. I am sorry about all that unpleasantness. The silver hair of a true Targaryen. Xaro Xhoan Daxos, she is far too lovely for a glorified dockworker like yourself.
The SPICE KING descends the staircase.
XARO: Very true, and yet they say that your grandfather, who sold pepper off the back of a wagon, married a lady far lovelier and higher born than himself.
SPICE KING: Every lady alive was lovelier and higher born than my grandfather. Did my servants not offer you something to eat, to drink? I'll have them flogged in the square.
DAENERYS: Thank you, my lord. You are a gracious host, but there is no servant alive that can bring me what I want.
SPICE KING: Oh, she has a talent for drama, this one. So, my little princess, what is it you want?
DAENERYS: My birthright. The Seven Kingdoms of Westeros.
SPICE KING: I fear I'm no better than a servant in this regard. I cannot give you what I do not have.
DAENERYS: I'm not asking you for the kingdoms. I'm asking you for ships.
SPICE KING: I need to cross the Narrow Sea. I need my ships as well. I use them, you see, to bring spices from one port to another.
DAENERYS: Whatever you grant me now will be repaid three times over when I retake the Iron Throne.
SPICE KING: Retake? Did you once sit on the Iron Throne?
DAENERYS: My father sat there, before he was murdered.
SPICE KING: But if you did not sit on it yourself, would it not be correct to say "take the Iron Throne"?
DAENERYS: I didn't come here to argue grammar.
SPICE KING: Of course not. You came to take my ships. So let me explain my position, little princess. Unlike you, I do not have exalted ancestors. I make my living by trade. And I judge every trade on its merits. You ask for ships. You say I shall be repaid triple. I do not doubt your honesty or your intentions. But before you repay your debts, you must seize the Seven Kingdoms. Do you have an army?
DAENERYS: Not yet.
SPICE KING: You do not have an army. Do you have powerful allies in Westeros?
DAENERYS: There are many there that support my claim.
SPICE KING: When were you there last?
DAENERYS: I left when I was a baby.
SPICE KING: So, in truth, you have no allies.
DAENERYS: The people will rise to fight for their rightful queen when I return.
SPICE KING: Ah. Forgive me, little princess, but I cannot make an investment based on wishes and dreams. Now if you'll pardon me.
DAENERYS: Do you know lllyrio Mopatis, Magister of Pentos? Yes, we've met.
SPICE KING: A shrewd man.
DAENERYS: For my wedding, he gave me three petrified dragon eggs. He believed The world believed that the ages had turned them to stone. How many centuries has it been since dragons roamed the skies? But I dreamt that if I carried those eggs into a great fire, they would hatch. When I stepped into the fire, my own people thought I was mad. But when the fire burned out, I was unhurt, the Mother of Dragons.
DAENERYS ascends the stairs to meet the SPICE KING.
DAENERYS: Do you understand? I'm no ordinary woman. My dreams come true.
SPICE KING: I admire your passion. But in business, I trust in logic, not passion. I'm sorry, little princess.
DAENERYS: I am not your little princess. I am Daenerys Stormborn of the blood of Old Valyria, and I will take what is mine. With fire and blood, I will take it.
The SPICE KING ascends the staircase to leave. His entourage follows.
SPICE KING: Yes, my lady, but not with my ships.
INT: THE COUNCIL CHAMBER IN THE SHADOWLANDS. It is dusk.
ARYA comes to clean the table. She notices the scroll, which mentions ROBB, and begins to read it. TYWIN enters, catching her in the act.
TYWIN: Who taught you to read?
ARYA: My father, my lord.
TYWIN: Hmm. I taught my son Jaime to read. The maester came to me one day, told me he wasn't learning. He couldn't make sense of the letters. He reversed them in his head. The maester said he'd heard tell of this affliction and that we simply must accept it. Ha! After that, I sat Jaime down for four hours every day until he learned. He hated me for it, for a time. For a long time. But he learned. Hmm. Where is your father? Is he alive? Who was he?
ARYA: A stonemason.
TWYIN: A stonemason who could read? Hmm.
ARYA: He taught himself.
TYWIN: Quite a man. What killed him?
ARYA: Loyalty.
TYWIN: You're a sharp little thing, aren't you?
ARYA: Did... Forgive me, my lord. I shouldn't ask questions.
TYWIN: No. But you've already begun.
ARYA: Did you know your father, my lord?
TYWIN: I did. I grew up with him. I watched him grow old.
TYWIN sits. While his back is turned, ARYA steals the scroll that she was reading.
TYWIN: He loved us. He was a good man, but a weak man. A weak man who nearly destroyed our house and name. I'm cold.
ARYA: I'll fetch more wood for the fire, my lord.
TYWIN: Mmm.
ARYA exits.
EXT: COURTYARD IN THE RIVERLANDS.
ARYA hides in a corner, above the bustle of the courtyard. She pulls out the scroll to read what it says about ROBB. She gets up with purpose.
INT: THE RIVERLANDS.
ARYA runs down the steps. Not looking where she is going, she runs into AMORY LORCH
AMORY: Where are you going, girl?
ARYA: The armory, my lord.
AMORY: Why?
ARYA: Lord Tywin sent me.
AMORY: What might this be?
ARYA: Lord Tywin gave it to me.
AMORY: What for?
ARYA: To take to the armory.
AMORY: Why would he do that? Let's go and ask him.
ARYA flees and AMORY pursues her.
AMORY: Move! Get out of the way!
ARYA  scampers through the courtyard and he follows clumsily. AMORY loses sight of her, and she stays hidden just out of sight, beyond a doorway. AMORY goes the wrong way, and she takes advantage of his mistake and runs the other way. She encounters a kingsguard who she mistakes for JAQEN. She grabs him for attention. He turns to her, and she realizes her mistake. She continues on and finds JAQEN just a bit further on.
ARYA: Amory Lorch.
JAQEN: A girl has named a second name. A man will do what must be done.
ARYA: Now!
JAQEN: A girl cannot tell a man when exactly he must do a thing. A man cannot make a thing happen before its time.
ARYA: But he's going to tell Tywin. He's getting away. It has to be now.
JAQEN: (sighs)
INT: THE COUNCIL ROOM
AMORY enters the council room, where TYWIN sits working. TYWIN rises while AMORY collapses to the floor, dead.
TYWIN: Guard!
EXT: THE STARK WARCAMP.
ROBB walks among his men and greet them as he passes them.
SOLDIER: Your Grace.
SOLDIER #2: Your Grace.
SOLDIER #3: My honor, Your Grace.
SOLDIER #4: Your Grace.
QUENT: Your Grace.
ROBB: Quent.
ROBB sees TALISA sitting by a tent. He approaches her.
ROBB: Lady Talisa.
TALISA: Your Grace.
ROBB: I'm not sure I'm a lady.
TALISA: Westerosi customs are still a bit foreign to me.
ROBB: It's hard to keep all the rules straight. But if I remember my lessons, a woman of noble birth is always called a lady. Unless she's a queen or a princess. I could find someone who knows.
TALISA: Why are you so sure I'm of noble birth?
ROBB: Because it's obvious.
TALISA: What if I told you my father sold lace on the Long Bridge, and my mother, my brother and I lived with him above our shop?
ROBB: I'd call you a liar.
TALISA:  Not very noble to accuse a lady of dishonesty.
ROBB: (nods)
TALISA: I always thought I was a brilliant liar.
ROBB: Better at amputations, I'm afraid.
They look around, awkwardly.
ROBB: Quite a pretty spot.
TALISA: Will we be here long?
ROBB: I couldn't really discuss troop movements with you.
TALISA: I'm not a spy.
ROBB: Of course, a spy would deny being a spy.
TALISA: You're right. You've found me out. I'm writing a letter to the Lannisters. "The young wolf is on the move. " Perhaps you'd join me. If you've got time, of course, for, well
CATELYN enters
CATELYN: Robb.
ROBB turns to CATELYN and embraces her. TALISA looks down.
ROBB: Mother. Mother, this is Lady Talisa. She's been helping with the wounded. She's been very helpful.
CATELYIN:  Lady Talisa.
TALISA: Lady Stark.
CATELYN: Lady Talisa
TALISA: Maegyr.
CATELYN:  Maegyr? Forgive me, I do not know this name.
TALISA: An uncommon name here. An old name in Volantis. Excuse me, my lady. Your Grace.
TALISA exits. ROBB and CATELYN begin to walk.
ROBB: I've missed you.
CATELYN: Yes, you look positively forlorn.
ROBB: You surprised me, that's all. I didn't think I'd see you today.
CATELYN: I wish that you were free to follow your heart.
ROBB: I know.
CATELYN: You have inherited your father's responsibilities. I'm afraid they come at a cost. You are promised to another.
ROBB:  I know.
CATELYN: A debt that must be paid.
ROBB: I haven't forgotten.
ROOSE BOLTON enters
ROOSE: Your Grace. My lady. News from Winterfell.
ROOSE holds up a scroll.
EXT: NORTH OF THE WALL
JON and YGRITTE walk through the mountains. Her hands are bound, and he leads her by a rope.
YGRITTE: Your brothers desert you? I can tell you which way to go.
JON: We'll stop here. Too dark to go any farther today.
YGRITTE: Here? There's no shelter here.
JON: There's no shelter anywhere.
YGRITTE: There is if you know where to look. The cold could kill us both. If you light a fire
JON: No fire.
YGRITTE: But a fire is
JON: No fire.
YGRITTE: Have it your way.
JON forces YGRITTE to lie down. He begins to walk away.
YGRITTE: We'll stay warmer if we stay close.
JON pauses.
YGRITTE: Bet you freeze to death before I do. Bet your life.
YGRITTE turns to sleep. JON looks back at her, then joins her, reluctantly.
YGRITTE: Think they're out looking for you?
JON: Yes.
YGRITTE: Think they'll find you?
JON: Yes.
YGRITTE: You're brave. Stupid, but brave.
They are both exhausted.
JON: We start again at first light. Get some sleep.
YGRITTE wiggles next to JON.
JON: Stop moving.
YGRITTE: I'm just trying to get comfortable.
JON: Stop it!
She begins moving again.
JON: You're still moving.
YGRITTE: Was I? I didn't notice that time.
JON: (sighs)
YGRITTE smiles
INT: ROBB'S COUNCIL CHAMBER
ROBB, CATELYN and ROOSE are in the midst of a discussion.
ROBB: This cannot be true.
ROOSE: We've had ravens from White Harbor, Barrowton and the Dreadfort. I'm afraid it is true.
ROBB: Why? Why would Theon
ROOSE: Because the Greyjoys are treasonous whores.
ROBB: My brothers?
ROOSE:  We've heard nothing of them. But Rodrik Cassel is dead.
CATELYN: I told you, never trust a Greyjoy!
ROBB: I must go north at once.
ROOSE: There's still a war to win, Your Grace.
ROBB: How can I call myself king if I can't hold my own castle? How can I ask men to follow me if I can't
ROOSE: You are a king. And that means you don't have to do everything yourself.
CATELYN: Let me go and talk to Theon.
ROBB: There will be no talk. He will die for this.
ROOSE: Theon holds the castle with a skeleton crew. Let me send word to my bastard at the Dreadfort. He can raise a few hundred men and retake Winterfell before the new moon. We have the Lannisters on the run. If you march all the way back north now, you'll lose what you gained. My boy would be honored to bring you Prince Theon's head.
ROBB: Tell your son Bran and Rickon's safety is paramount. And Theon, I want him brought to me alive. I want to look him in the eye and ask him why. And then I'll take his head myself.
INT: WINTERFELL
THEON, OSHA  talk by a fire. An iron born keeps her bound.
THEON: Why on earth would I trust the word of a lying little savage like you?
OSHA: I'm no liar.
THEON: All wildlings are liars and savages with no loyalty to anything or anyone.
OSHA: I done what I had to do to stay alive. I hate the Starks as well as you do. Let me serve you, my lord.
THEON: How? And don't tell me to put a spear in your hand.
OSHA: There are other ways to serve, my lord.
THEON: I'm a prince now, and you'd do well
AHSA: There are other ways to serve, my prince.
THEON: Like what?
OSHA: We know things, the free people.
THEON: You know things? Like what? How to eat dirt?
OSHA: Other things.
OSHA begins to undress
OSHA: Savage things.
THEON: Wait outside.
THEON takes a bite of his apple, The iron born leaves and ASH lets her dress fall to the floor.
THEON: I always wondered what you had under there.
OSHA: It comes at a price.
THEON: I'm not killing you. That's your price.
OSHA: I already had that.
THEON: What do you want then, other than your miserable life?
AHSA: What all free people want. My freedom.
THEON: Well, you shall have it, then. But only if you serve me well.
INT: KING'S LANDING
SANSA is seated. SHAE attends to her wounds.
SANSA: Ow!
SHAE: Shh. It's not deep.
SANSA:  I thought they were going to kill me.
SHAE: They thought so, too.
SANSA: He hated me, the man who hit me. I saw it in his eyes. Hated me. He never met me before, but he wanted to hurt me.
SHAE:  Of course he did.
SANSA: Why? Why would a stranger
SHAE: You are everything he will never have. Your horse eats better than his children. It doesn't matter now. He's dead.
SANSA: I would have given them bread if I had it. I hate the king more than any of them.
SHAE: Don't say these things. If the wrong people hear you
SANSA: But you're not the wrong people.
SHAE: Don't trust anybody. Life is safer that way.
INT: WINTERFELL at night.
THEON sleeps. OSHA slinks away. She walks through the courtyard and encounters a guard.
GUARD: And where are you going?
OSHA: I have something for you from Prince Theon.
GUARD: What?
OSHA: Me. He says I'm to make the rounds. And keep you warm.
OSHA kisses him and he responds. She pulls a knife and slits her throat.
EXT: WINTERFELL at night.
OSHA crouches by a tree and whistles. From the doorway comes RICKON, HODOR and BRAN, followed by their direwolves. The sneak away into the darkness of the woods.
EXT: QARTH GARDEN PATH
DAENERYS and XARO walk in the garden. KOVARRO trails them.
DAENERYS: The Spice King refuses me because I'm a bad investment. The Silk King won't support me because of his business with the Lannisters. Why offend his best customer? And the Copper King offers me a single ship on the condition that I lie with him for a night. Does he think I will whore myself for a boat?
XARO: When I came to this city, I had nothing. Truly nothing. I slept by the docks. And when I could find work loading the ships, I would eat. If not, I dreamed of food. Today, I am the richest man in Qarth. Do you think the path from poverty to wealth is always pure and honorable? I have done many things, Khaleesi, that a righteous man would condemn. And here I am, with no regrets.
XARO opens the door for DAENERYS. They move into the courtyard to find it strewn with bodies,  throats cut. DAENERYS takes in the scene, and then runs in a panic.
XARO: Bar the gates. Ring the bells. Slowly, Khaleesi.
Bells toll as DAENERYS runs, followed by KOVARRO and XARO. She climbs a staircase to her chamber, where IRRI lies slain. The dragons are gone.
DANAERYS: Where are they? Where are my dragons?
EXT: QARTH
A hooded figure walks up an exterior staircase toward a tower, the House of the Undying, burdened by a covered basket. The dragons screech from inside.
INT: WINTERFELL
THEON wakes and notices that OSHA has gone.
EXT: WINTERFELL
THEON dresses down BLACK LORREN while DAGMER watches.
THEON: A cripple? You let a cripple escape? The boy can't walk, but somehow he slipped past you?
BLACK LORREN: The giant must have took him.
THEON: The giant? Hodor? Oh, that's all right, then. You let a halfwit escape with a cripple. And Rickon, too? The little one?
BLACK LORREN: Gone, along with the wildling woman. The one you were fucking.
THEON punches BLACK LORREN in the jaw, who falls to the ground. THEON shakes the pain out of his fist. HE then kicks BLACK LORREN repeatedly.
THEON: Right. Get the horses and the hounds.
DAGMER: (laughs)
EXT: WOODS OUTSIDE WINTERFELL
Leashed dogs chase the scent of the fugatives. Mounted riders follow.
MAN: Come on, find the scent. Where they going?
The dogs seem to have picked up a scent and they pause.
DAGMER: Halt!
The riders stop.
THEON: Enjoying your first hunt?
LUWIN: So far, hunting seems very similar to riding, my lord.
THEON: With hunting, there's blood at the end.
LUWIN: They're little boys.
THEON: I was a little boy when I was torn away from my home and brought here. So I kept my word. I never ran away. If I find them soon enough, I won't hurt them. Well, I'll hurt them, but I won't kill them.
LUWIN: Those boys are of far more value to you alive than dead.
THEON: They have no value to me missing.
LUWIN: Robb will have sent a force to retake Winterfell by now.
THEON: Robb's in the Riverlands. My sister's in Deepwood Motte. She'll get here long before they do. And Ned Stark always said 500 men could hold Winterfell again 10,000.
MAN:  We have a scent!
THEON: The hounds have the scent. Come, Maester, don't look so grim. It's all just a game.
THEON rides on. LUWIN follows.
EXT: WOODS OUTSIDE WINTERFELL
The direwolves walk along a stream. HODOR, BRAN, RICKON and OSHA follow.
OSHA: We should have took more food.
BRAN: We couldn't risk going to the kitchens.
OSHA: Those people all love you. They would have given you whatever you needed.
BRAN: And if Theon found out, he'd hang them.
OSHA: The boy can't survive on walnuts.
RICKON:  I'm fine.
RICKON cracks the walnut he holds
OSHA: We've been walking since before sunrise. Even Hodor will tire. Hodor:  Hodor.
OSHA: Even you, sweet giant.
HODOR: Hodor.
The party crests a small rise. The sounds of children shouting playfully can be heard in the distance.
BRAN:Wait, I know that farm. I sent those two Winterfell orphans there.
RICKON: Jack and Billy. They'll give us some food.
BRAN: We can't risk it. If Theon tracks us here, he'll torture them until he finds out where we are.
RIKON: Billy climbs a tree better than anyone.
OSHA: You've never seen me climb a tree, little man.
BRAN: They'll be after us with hounds.
OSHA: We got a good start on them, but we can't outrun hounds forever.
EXT: NORTH OF THE WALL
JON and YGRITTE sleep, entwined. YGRITTE feels JON's manhood against her.
YGRITTE: Did you pull a knife on me in the night?
JON rolls away quickly, embarrassed. He stands.
YGRITTE: What's the matter? Can't be the first time you pressed your bone against a woman's arse.
JON: Let's move.
He pulls her up and checks her binding.
YGRITTE: It is the first time. How old are you, boy?
JON: I'm a man of the Night's Watch.
YGRITTE: You're a boy who's never been with a girl. Don't your stones start to hurt if your bone never gets
JON: Don't call them that.
YGRITTE: What, stones? Or bone?
JON: Neither. Both.
Having checked her bindings, he picks up his sword and leads her off.
JON: Move!
YGRITTE: I heard they get all swollen and bruised if you don't use them. Of course, maybe that's just what the lads say when they want me feeling sorry for them. As if I'd feel sorry for them. Are there no girl crows?
JON: There are no women of the Night's Watch, no.
YGRITTE: So the lads just do it with each other?
JON: No.
YGRITTE: Never?
JON: Never. We swore an oath.
YGRITTE: You have sheep at the Wall? With your hands, then? No wonder you're all so miserable.
JON pulls at her bound hands.
JON: Would you please shut up?
JON: You're a free woman? I might be your prisoner, but I'm a free woman.
JON: If you're my prisoner, you're not a free woman. That's what "prisoner" means.
YGRITTE: And you think you're free? You swore some stupid oath and now you can never touch a girl.
JON: It was my choice to say the words.
YGRITTE: So you don't like girls?
JON: Of course I like girls. But you chose never to touch them.
JON: That's the price you pay if you want to be a man of the Night's Watch.
YGRITTE: So instead of getting naked with a girl, you'd prefer to invade our lands
JON: Invade your lands? Wildlings raid our lands all the time. Some of them tried to kill my little brother, a crippled boy!
YGRITTE: Yhey're not your lands! We've been here the whole time. You lot came along and just put up a big wall and said it was yours.
JON: My father was Ned Stark. I have the blood of the First Men. My ancestors lived here, same as yours.
YGRITTE: So why are you fighting us?
YGRITTE turns and walks down the slope. JON follows.
EXT: SHADOWLANDS COURTYARD
In a misty morning, a man twitches while hung by a noose. Another screams in pain.
MAN: Go on. Now I want you to tell me what happened. Come on, this way. Come on, speak up. Speak up.
Above the courtyard, TYWIN listens, and sniffs a wooden toothpick
TYWIN: Wolfsbane. A rare substance. This is no common assassin.
MOUNTIAN: We hanged 20 men last night.
TYWIN: I don't care if you hanged 100. A man tried to kill me. I want his name and I want his head.
ARYA sets the table and listens.
MOUNTAIN: We think it was an infiltrator from the Brotherhood Without Banners.
TYWIN: Pretentious name for a band of outlaws. We can't allow rebels behind our lines to harass us with impunity. We look like fools and they look like heroes. That's how kings fall. I want them dead, every one.
MOUNTAIN: Killing them isn't the problem. It's finding them. Have you gone soft, Clegane? I always thought you had a talent for violence.
TWYIN: Burn the villages, burn the farms. Let them know what it means to choose the wrong side.
The MOUNTAIN exits.
TYWIN: Mmm. Is that mutton?
ARYA: Yes, my lord.
TYWIN: Don't like mutton.
ARYA: I'll bring something else.
TYWIN: Leave it. Are you hungry?
ARYA: No.
TYWIN: Of course you are. Eat.
ARYA: I'll eat in the kitchen later.
TYWIN: It's bad manners to refuse a lord's offer. Sit. Eat.
ARYA sits and eats the mutton.
TYWIN:  You're small for your age. I suppose you've been underfed your whole life.
ARYA: I eat a lot. I just don't grow.
TYWIN looks out the window.
TYWIN:  Mmm. This will be my last war. Win or lose.
ARYA: Have you ever lost before?
TYWIN: Do you think I'd be in my position if I had lost a war?
ARYA: (shakes her head)
TYWIN: But this is the one I'll be remembered for. The War of Five Kings, they're calling it. My legacy will be determined in the coming months.
ARYA realizes that TYWIN has let his guard down, and considers her options. But he turns back to her and she starts, suddenly.
TYWIN: Do you know what legacy means? It's what you pass down to your children and your children's children. It's what remains of you when you're gone. Harren the Black thought this castle would be his legacy. The greatest fortress ever built.
TYWIN walks to the fireplace.  The tallest towers, the strongest walls. The Great Hall had 35 hearths. Thirty-five. Can you imagine? Look at it now. A blasted ruin. Do you know what happened?
ARYA: Dragons?
TYWIN: Yes. Dragons happened.
TYWIN pours himself some wine.
TYWIN: Harrenhal was built to withstand an attack from the land. A million men could have marched on these walls, and a million men would have been repelled. But an attack from the air with dragon fire Mmm-mmm. Harren and all his sons roasted alive within these walls. Aegon Targaryen changed the rules. That's why every child alive still knows his name
ARYA: Aegon and his sisters.
TYWIN: Mmm?
ARYA: It wasn't just Aegon riding his dragon. It was Rhaenys and Visenya, too.
TYWIN: Correct. A student of history, are you?
ARYA: Rhaenys rode Meraxes. Visenya rode Vhagar.
TYWIN: I'm sure I knew that when I was a boy.
ARYA: Visenya Targaryen was a great warrior. She had a Valyrian steel sword she called Dark Sister.
TYWIN: Hmm. She's a heroine of yours, I take it?
ARYA: (smiles)
TYWIN:  Aren't most girls more interested in the pretty maidens from the songs? Jonquil with the flowers in her hair?
ARYA: Most girls are idiots.
TYWIN: You remind me of my daughter. Where did you learn all this stuff about Visenya and her Valyrian steel sword?
ARYA: From my father.
TYWIN: He was a well-read stonemason. Can't say I've ever met a literate stonemason.
ARYA: Have you met many stonemasons, my lord?
TYWIN: Careful now, girl. I enjoy you, but be careful. Take that back to the kitchen. Eat what you want.
ARYA rises, clearing the dishes and walking away.
TYWIN: And, girl.
ARYA stops.
TYWIN: "M'lord.
ARYA turns, confused.
TYWIN: " Lowborn girls say "m'lord," not "my lord. " If you're going to pose as a commoner, you should do it properly.
ARYA: My mother served Lady Dustin for many years, my lord. She taught me how to speak proper Properly.
TYWIN: You're too smart for your own good. Has anyone told you that?
ARYA: Yes.
TYWIN: Go on.
ARYA exits and TYWIN ponders, and drinks his wine.
INT: KING'S LANDING
SANSA walks through a castle hallway. The HOUND comes in the other direction.
SANSA: I beg pardon, ser. I should have come to you after to thank you for saving me. You were so brave.
HOUND:  Brave? A dog doesn't need courage to chase off rats.
SANSA: Does it give you joy to scare people?
HOUND: No, it gives me joy to kill people.
SANSA: (gasps)
HOUND: Spare me. You can't tell me Lord Eddard Stark of Winterfell never killed a man.
SANSA: It was his duty. He never liked it.
HOUND: Is that what he told you? He lied. Killing is the sweetest thing there is.
SANSA: Why are you always so hateful?
HOUND: You'll be glad of the hateful things I do someday when you're queen and I'm all that stands between you and your beloved king.
SANSA turns and walks away.
EXT: QARTH GARDEN
DAENERYS and XARO walk through the garden, anxiously.
XARO: I've demanded a meeting of the Thirteen. One of them did this or knows who did.
DAENERYS: You are one of the Thirteen.
XARO: If I wanted your dragons, I would have taken them. They mean nothing to me on their own.
DAENERYS: Nothing? They're more valuable than anything in the world.
XARO: Shall we look inside my vault and see what selling your dragons would buy me I cannot buy already? We will get them back.
DAENERYS: There is no we, so why would you help me get them back?
XARO: I took you under my protection in front of the rulers of my city. A man is what others say he is and no more. If they say that Xaro Xhoan Daxos is a liar, my word is worth nothing. I cannot let this thing happen to you under my roof.
DAENERYS: But it did happen under your roof.
XARO: Khaleesi, many times in my life, I have been
DAENERYS: I don't care where you've been.
DAENERYS steps quickly up the stairs. MALAKKO blocks XARO's way.
EXT: THE FAR NORTH
JON and YGRITTE continue their trek among the mountaintops. JON keeps looking back at her.
YGRITTE: You think we're savages because we don't live in stone castles. We can't make steel as good as yours, it's true, but We're free. If someone tried to tell us we couldn't lie down as man and woman, we'd shove a spear up his arse. We don't go serving some shit king who's only king because his father was.
JON: No. No, you serve Mance Rayder, the King beyond the Wall.
YGRITTE: We chose Mance Rayder to lead us. He was a crow, same as you, but he wanted to be free. You could be free, too. You don't need to live your whole life taking commands from old men. Wake up when you want to wake up. I could show you the streams to fish, the woods to hunt. Build yourself a cabin and find a woman to lie with in the night.
YGRITTE comes closer.
YGRITTE: You're a pretty lad. The girls would claw each other's eyes out to get naked with you.
JON: Walk.
YGRITTE: I could teach you how to do it.
JON: I know how to do it.
YGRITTE: You know nothing, Jon Snow.
YGRITTE walks ahead. JON follows.
EXT: THE RIVERLANDS
The Stark war camp is quiet. SER ALTON reports to ROBB stark while RIKARD KARSTARK, ROOSE and ??? look on.
ROBB: And what did she say?
ALTON: She admired your spirit, Your Grace.
ROBB: And what then?
ALTON: She
ROBB: If every man were held accountable for the actions of every distant relative, Ser Alton, we'd all hang.
ALTON: She tore the paper in half, Your Grace.
ROBB: You've acted with honor. I thank you for it. Lord Karstark, see that Ser Alton's pen is clean, and give him a hot supper.
RICKARD KARSTARK: Ser Alton's pen is occupied, Your Grace. The prisoners from the Yellow Fork.
ROOSE: Too many prisoners.
ROBB: Is there room for Ser Alton?
RICKARD KARSTARK: Does he need to lie down?
ROBB: Have the men build him a new pen. Put him in with the Kingslayer for now. Have your boy watch over them.
RICKARD KARSTARK: Torrhen.
TORRHEN grabs ALTON's should to lead him away
ROBB: That will be all.
ALTON, TORRHEN, RICKARD KARSTARK and ??? leave. TALISA enters.
TALISA: Your Grace. A minute of your time?
ROOSE leaves, eying TALISA.
TALISA: I've been treating your wounded men.
ROBB: And my enemies, as some of my bannermen are fond of mentioning.
TALISA: They're not my enemies.
ROBB: That's what I tell my bannermen.
TALISA: I've already run through the supplies I brought with me. Some are easily replaced. Egg yolks, turpentine, oil of roses. But some are not. I need silk for stitching. I need fennel root for those with fever, willow bark. Mostly I need milk of the poppy. You saw what it was like to amputate a foot without any. I assume there will be more loss of limb before this war is over.
ROBB:  If you need help finding these
TALISA: I know where to find them. I'm sorry, I shouldn't interrupt you.
ROBB: Continue, my lady.
TALISA: You're riding to the Crag to negotiate a surrender?
ROBB: Yes.
TALISA: The Crag will have a maester and he will have what I need.
ROBB: I expect he will.
TALISA:If I could write a list.
ROBB: Come with me to the Crag.
TALISA: I don't think that will be
ROBB: Let the maester show you his stores. I want the wounded men to be treated well, all the wounded men.
ROBB exits.
EXT: FARM OUTSIDE WINTERFELL
THEON's search party has come upon the farmhouse. They mill around, trying to pick up the scent.
WOMAN: Children, come inside, quick. Come on.
CHILD: Hurry up!
MAN: Can't find anything, ser. They've lost the scent.
THEON: Try again.
MAN: We've circled this farmhouse twice. There's no sign of them.
The MAN continues to lead his dog through the farm.
LUWIN: We could start the search fresh in the morning, my lord.
THEON grabs LUWIN.
THEON: I'm looking at spending the rest of my life being treated like a fool and a eunuch by my own people. Ask yourself, is there anything I wouldn't do to stop that from happening? The hounds will find the scent again. I'll beat them until they do. I'll whip every man here until I have both those boys in hand. And once I've got them, the pampered little shits It's better to be cruel than weak.
Two ironborn lead the WINTERFELL SHEPHERD to THEON.
MAN #2: Prince Theon.
THEON: Where are they?
WINTERFELL SHEPHERD: Who, m'lord?
THEON: The Stark boys. Where are they?
WINTERFELL SHEPHERD: I don't know. I seen no one.
THEON punches him in the gut.
THEON: Think harder.
WINTERFELL SHEPHERD: I swear, m'lord. I don't know.
THEON makes to punch him again, but DAGMER has found something by the hay bales.
DAGMER: My lord, over here. I think I've found what we're looking for.
THEON comes over and DAGMER shows him a handful of walnut shells. THEON looks around
DAGMER: Send the old man home.
THEON: (nods)
THEON walks up to LUWIN.
THEON: Go back to Winterfell. Take him back.
LUWIN: Theon, don't do this.
The ironborn take LUWIN away.
INT: DAENERYS'S ROOM IN QARTH
DAENERYS stands sadly. JORAH enters.
DAENERYS: You came back.
JORAH: As soon as I heard. Do you know anything?
DAENERYS: Irri is dead.
JORAH: I know. She was a good
DAENERYS: She's dead. She died alone. She died for me and I couldn't protect her.
JORAH: Doreah?
DAENERYS: We can't find her. She must be dead, too. I led my people out of the Red Waste and into the slaughterhouse.
JORAH: I should have been here.
DAENERYS: You went to find me a ship.
JORAH: My place is by your side. I shouldn't have left you alone with these people.
DAENERYS: "These people"?
JORAH: They are not to be trusted.
DAENERYS: And who is to be trusted? Who are my people? The Targaryens? I only knew one, my brother, and he would have let a thousand men rape me if it had got him the crown. The Dothraki? Most of them turned on me the day that Khal Drogo fell from his horse.
JORAH: Your people are in Westeros.
DAENERYS: The people in Westeros don't know I'm alive.
JORAH: They will soon enough.
DAENERYS: And then what? They'll pray for my return? They'll wave dragon banners and shout my name? That's what my brother believed and he was a fool.
DAENERYS: You are not your brother.
JORAH: Trust me, Khaleesi.
DAENERYS: There it is. "Trust me. " And it's you I should trust, Ser Jorah? Only you? I don't need trust any longer. I don't want it and I don't have room for it.
JORAH: You are too young to be so
JORAH reaches for her.
DAENERYS: And you are too familiar.
JORAH: Forgive me, Khaleesi. No one can survive in this world without help. No one. Let me help you, please. Tell me how.
DAENERYS: Find my dragons.
JORAH exits.
EXT: THE FAR NORTH
JON and YGRITTE are still walking in the desolate snowlands.
YGRITTE: How long till we get back to your crows?
JON: We're close.
YGRITTE: What, a day? A half-day? You don't know, do you? Do you even know where they are?
JON: We're close.
YGRITTE: What do you think they'll say when they hear about you and me?
JON: Nothing happened between you and me.
YGRITTE: "I swear it, Old Master King Crow, ser, "we were only close together for warmth. "And then I felt it, right up against me backside like a club. "I can show you the bruise on me tailbone. "And before I knew what was where, his his "Well, it was all out in the open, all angry as you like. "And I didn't want to want it, but oh, I did! "And he spread me legs and ruined. "The shame of it. "Now I can never marry a perfumed lord. "What will me poor savage father say?"
JON: Turn back around.
YGRITTE: "And I thought that we were done, but he said, "'Turn back around." I'll tell you what, Jon Snow. Since it's gonna be your word against mine, and since you can't talk about it without blushing, we may as well just JON: What, right here in the muck?
YGRITTE: I'll keep you warm enough.
JON pulls on her restraints, releasing her hands.
YGRITTE: Are you that afraid of it?
JON: That's enough.
YGRITTE: It's nice and wet and warm.
JON: Enough!
YGRITTE: It don't have teeth.
YGRITTE comes closer. JON is tempted, but comes to his senses and grab the hilt of his sword. YGRITTE backs off.
YGRITTE:  All right! All right. Gods, you're dull.
YGRITTE quickly snares the rope around her leg and pulls JON down to the ground. He grunts and she takes off running. Jon gets up and chases her. She disappears down a slope. Jon runs to where he last saw her, and finds her bindings, cut. He hears a whistle, and looks up to see YGRITTE and two other wildlings on a ledge above him. She is smiling. Jon looks around to see that he is surrounded by wildlings.
YGRITTE: Should have took me while you had the chance.
INT: KING'S LANDING
SANSA is having a nightmare, reliving the attempted rape by the rioters.
SANSA: No, no!
She wakes in a start, and pulls back the covers to see that her first period has begun. She is distraught
SANSA: No. Oh, no.
SANSA gets up, grabs a knife and tries to remove the bloodstain. SHAE enters the chamber with SANSA's breakfast. She rushes over to help
SHAE: It's all right. Give me that.
SANSA: If the Queen sees, I can have Joffrey's children now.
SHAE: Help me flip it over.
While SHAE and SANSA try to flip the mattress, another handmaiden enters. They stop. The handmaiden turns and rushes out of the room. After exchanging a glance with SANSA, SHAE follows her.
INT: DARK HALLWAY
The handmaiden moves quickly. SHAE pursuers her.
SHAE: Where are you going?
HANDMAIDEN:  To tell Her Grace.
SHAE pulls a knife and holds it to the handmaiden's throat.
SHAE: You'll say nothing to anyone. Do you understand?
The HANDMAIDEN nods in fear and then runs off. SHAE watches her go, then returns.
INT: SANSA'S ROOM
SHAE rushes back to SANSA's room. The HOUND is already there. SANSA sits on her bed, dejected.
INT: CERSEI'S ROOM
CERSEI and SANSA enter.
CERSEI: Your mother might have prepared you. You flowered, my dear. No more.
SANSA: My mother told me, but I thought it would be different.
CERSEI: In what way?
SANSA: I thought it would be less Less messy.
CERSEI: Wait until you birth a child.
SANSA sits on the edge of the bed.
CERSEI: You're a woman now. Do you have any idea what that means?
SANSA: I'm fit to bear children for the king?
CERSEI: A prospect that once delighted you, bringing little princes and princesses into the world, the greatest honor for a queen.
SANSA: (nods)
CERSEI: Joffrey has always been difficult. Even his birth, I labored a day and a half to bring him into this world. You cannot imagine the pain. I screamed so loudly, I was sure Robert would hear me in the Kingswood.
SANSA: His Grace was not with you?
CERSEI: Robert was hunting. That was his custom. Whenever my time was near, my royal husband would flee to the trees with his huntsmen and his hounds. And when he returned, he would present me with some pelts or a stag's head, and I would present him with a baby. Not that I wanted him there, mind you. I had Grand Maester Pycelle, an army of midwives, and I had my brother. When they told Jaime he wasn't allowed in the birthing room, he smiled and asked which one of them proposed to keep him out. Joffrey will show you no such devotion.
SANSA looks down.
CERSEI: You may never love the king, but you will love his children.
SANSA: I love His Grace with all my heart.
CERSEI: That's so very touching to hear. Permit me to share some womanly wisdom with you on this very special day. The more people you love, the weaker you are. You'll do things for them that you know you shouldn't do. You'll act the fool to make them happy, to keep them safe. Love no one but your children. On that front, a mother has no choice.
SANSA: But shouldn't I love Joffrey, Your Grace?
CERSEI: You can try, little dove.
SANSA looks down, sadly.
EXT: RIVERLANDS AT NIGHT
A guard checks on the prisoners in the Stark encampment. JAIME and ALTON share a cell.
CERSEI: Who did you say your mother was again?
ALTON: Cinda Lannister.
JAIME: Is she the fat one?
ALTON: Well, perhaps she's gotten a little larger than she
JAIME: No, no. There's only one fat Lannister. If she was your mother, you'd know it.
ALTON: I squired for you once, you know.
JAIME: When?
ALTON: The tournament, the day of Willem Frey's wedding.
JAIME: I went to Willem Frey's wedding?
ALTON: You did. Your squire had gotten so drunk the night before that he threw up.
JAIME: He threw up on his horse on the way to the tourney grounds. What was his name?
ALTON: Bryan.
JAIME: Poor lad. That was my brother's doing, I seem to recall. I remember you. You'd never squired for anyone before.
ALTON: That's right. I ran up and volunteered. "Let me, my lord. Let me. " My father was furious. Afraid I'd embarrass our family in front of the Family.
JAIME: You didn't, though.
ALTON: You really remember?
JAIME: You knew when you were needed and when to go away. It's a rare talent. Most of my squires, they mean well, but young men with big jobs, they tend to overdo them.
ALTON: When I think back to that day
GUARD:  Shh!
JAIME: You were saying?
ALTON: I Never mind. It's embarrassing.
JAIME: More embarrassing than being chained to a post covered in your own shit?
ALTON: I remember everything about that day, your helmet, your horse, the rake lines in the dirt along the list, where the sun was in the sky when you knocked Balon from his horse, and the dent in your shield when you handed it back to me. I'll remember it all until I die. That was the best day of my life. And I remember being on the field after it was over. All the competitors were done. I was the last one out there. And I couldn't leave. I couldn't bring myself to go and sit with my family at a table so far on the edge of the feast you could barely even see the bride. And I couldn't bear to tell them what it had been like squiring for you, when I knew that they could never have the faintest idea what I was talking about.
JAIME: I understand completely.
ALTON: How could you? Sorry, I I didn't mean to doubt you.
JAIME: It's just that I I was 16 once. I also had to replace someone's squire on short notice.
ALTON: Which knight was it?
JAIME: Barristan Selmy. The fight against the Kingswood Outlaws. Before your time.
ALTON: What was he like?
JAIME: He was A painter. A painter who only used red. I couldn't imagine being able to fight like that, not back then. And to help him do that, to be a part of something that perfect. I don't need to explain how that felt, not to you.
ALTON: It's hard to put into words.
JAIME: It's like stepping into a dream you've been dreaming for as long as you can remember, and finding out that the dream is more real than your life.
ALTON: (nods) Leaving that battlefield was like being dragged off to prison.
ALTON: Did you squire for him again?
JAIME: No. I didn't have your gift. He couldn't take a step without stepping on me. I was awful, a complete liability. Until one of the outlaws decided to take on a 16-year-old squire.
ALTON: (smiles)
JAIME: It's a good thing I am who I am. I'd have been useless at anything else. I'm not well-suited for imprisonment. Shocking, I know. Some men are. Ned Stark, I imagine he made an excellent prisoner right up until the end. Not me, though. My life has left me uniquely unfit for constraint.
ALTON: And have you thought about
JAIME: Of course. Every day.
ALTON: And?
JAIME: Good prisoners breed good jailers, apparently. The Starks are very careful.
ALTON: (nods)
JAIME: But there is a way, I think. It wasn't possible until now.
ALTON: What is it?
JAIME looks out at the guards.
JAIME: It's actually quite simple.
ALTON: Well, let me help you.
JAIME: You'll only have to do one thing.
ALTON: Tell me.
JAIME: (whispers)You'll have to die.
JAIME headbutts ALTON and then beats him to death with his chained hands. TORRHEN comes to check on his bloodied body. JAIME chokes him with his chained hands until his neck snaps. JAIME takes the keys to complete his escape.
EXT: QARTH GARDEN
JORAH enters a garden where QUAITH covers the back of a man with symbols painted in blood.
QUAITH: Jorah the Andal. This man must sail past old Valyria. All who travel too close to the doom must have protection.
JORAH: I didn't come here for lessons.
QUAITH: No, you came for the dragons.
JORAH: You have them? Where are they?
QUAITH: Draw your sword. See what your steel is worth. You want to please the Mother of Dragons.
JORAH does not answer. She returns to painting.
QUAITH: You love her.
JORAH: Where are the dragons?
QUAITH: Will you betray her again, Jorah the Andal?
JORAH does not answer.
QUAITH: Will you betray her again?
JORAH: Never.
QUAITH: The thief you seek is with her now.
QUAITH returns to painting and JORAH exits, quickly.
INT: QARTH COUNCIL OF THE THIRTEEN
DAENERYS appears before the Thirteen to plead for her dragon's return.
SPICE KING: I did not leave the comfort of my home to come to yours and be called a thief.
XARO: No one is calling you a thief. Who is she to accuse us?
DAENERYS: Please, they're my children. I'm begging you.
SILK KING: Begging us? It wasn't very long ago you were threatening us.
DAENERYS: Without me, the dragons will die.
SPICE KING: It will be for the best. Your dragons will bring the world nothing but death and misery, my dear. If I knew where they were, I would not tell you.
PYAT PREE: You are cruel, my friend. The Mother of Dragons is in the right. She must be reunited with her babies. I will help you, Khaleesi.
DAENERYS:  How?
PYATT PREE: I will take you to the House of the Undying where I have put them.
DAENERYS: You have my dragons?
PYATT PREE: When I learned you were coming to our city, I made an arrangement with the King of Qarth. He procured them for me.
DAENERYS:  But there is no King of Qarth.
XARO: There is now. That was the other half of the arrangement.
XARO stands.
XARO: You would keep your gates and your minds closed to everything outside your walls, but Qarth cannot remain the greatest city that ever was if it refuses to change. I will open Qarth to the world as I have forced it to open itself to me.
PYATT PREE joins XARO's side.
SPICE KING: Your ambition is an inspiration. But like all upstarts, you overreach. Three dragons the size of cats and an alliance with a charlatan do not make you a king.
XARO: An upstart and a charlatan? Empires have been built by less. Those on the margins often come to control the center, and those in the center make room for them, willingly or otherwise.
PYATT PREE: The Mother of Dragons will be with her babies. She will give them her love and they will thrive by her side, forever.
PYATT PREE's doppelgangers slit the throats of the other members of the Thirteen, simultaneously. DAENERYS is horrified, and flees. She encounters another PYATT PREE clone. KOVARRO comes to her side to defend her, but JORAH stabs PYATT PREE from behind first.
PYATT PREE: A mother should be with her children.
JORAH removes his sword and PYATT PREE collapses into a pile of empty clothes, an illusion. Another clone appears.
PYATT PREE:  Where will you run to, Daenerys Stormborn? Your dragons wait for you in the House of the Undying. Come see them.
DAENERYS, JORAH and KOVARRO exit.
INT: RIVERLANDS
CATELYN sits in her tent, writing. JACKS tries to enter.
JACKS: Lady Stark!
BRIENNE blocks JACKS at the door.
BRIENNE: No farther.
JACKS: Keep your hands off me, woman.
BRIENNE: Don't enter without an invitation, man.
JACKS: Forgive me. Lady Stark.
CATELYN: What is it?
JACKS: They caught the Kingslayer.
CUT TO: THE CAMP
JAIME is being led in chains by a mounted soldier, back into camp. The other soldiers assault him verbally. They jostle at one another in an attempt to make the assault physical, but his captors keep the other men away.
MAN: Kingslayer!
MAN #2: Kill the fucking Kingslayer!
MAN #3: Hang him!
MAN #4: Hang him!
MAN #5: You'll die today.
MAN #6: Justice for the Karstark.
They proceed further into the camp, but the angry soldiers eventually overpower JAIME's protectors. One man clubs him over the head and JAIME falls. The crowd gathers around to further abuse him. JAIME lies in pain. The horseman rides away, leaving JAIME in the hands of his captors, with a thick crowd behind him. They bring JAIME to his feet. He walks a few paces and then falls to his knees under the pressure of the crowd.
MAN: Gut him!
RICKARD KARSTARK swiftly approaches the crowd and draws his sword.
RICKARD KARSTARK: Get back! I want his head! Any man who stands between a father and his vengeance asks for death.
CATELYN, BRIENNE and JACKS enter.
CATELYN: Lord Karstark, this man is our prisoner.
RICKARD: This monster killed my son.
CATELYN: And crippled mine. He will answer for his crimes, I promise you, but not here.
RICKARD KARSTARK: I will have his head. And if you try and stop me
CATELYN: You will strike me down? Have you forgotten me, ser? I am the widow of your liege, Lord Eddard Stark. I am the mother of your king!
RICKARD KARSTARK: And where is our king now?
ROBB: You know very well.
RICKARD KARSTARK: He has gone to the Crag to accept the surrender. Aye, gone to the Crag, but not to negotiate. He brought that foreign bitch with him.
CATELYN: How dare you!
BRIENNE starts to draw her sword.
BRIENNE: Threatening my lady is an act of treason.
RICKARD KARSTARK: Treason? How can it be treason to kill Lannisters?
CATELYN: I understand your grief, my lord, better than most, I understand it. But in the name of my son, the King in the North, stand down.
RICKARD KARSTARK: When your son returns, I will demand this murderer's head.
CATELYN: Wise men do not make demands of kings.
RICKARD KARSTARK: Fathers who love their sons do. I will have his head.
RICKARD KARSTARK exits
JAIME: Thank you for fighting on my behalf, Lady Stark. I would have come to your defense, but
CATELYN: Take him to the stockades. Bind him with every chain you can find!
JAIME: You've become a real she-wolf in your later years. There's not much fish left in you.
CATELYN: And gag him!
INT: KING'S LANDING
CERSEI and TYRION are in her bedroom. CERSEI is lighting candles with a long straw.
TYRION: Since when do you light your own candles?
CERSEI: Since I decided that I can't stand to look at any of my handmaidens for another instant.
She blows out the flame on the straw's end.
CERSEI: How many times can you read one raven scroll?
TYRION: Stannis Baratheon's fleet has been spotted sailing north past Tarth, 200 ships.
CERSEI:  More than we have.
TYRION: Yes, that's more than we have. He'll be at our gates within five days, four if he has the wind.
CERSEI: We have strong, high walls. We'll rain fire down on them from above.
TYRION: "Rain fire on them from above." You're quoting Father, aren't you?
CERSEI: Why not? He has a good mind for strategy, doesn't he?
TYRION: Call it tactics, not strategy. But, yes, he does have a good mind for it. The best mind, some would say. Sadly, he's not here. It's just you, me and Joffrey, the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.
CERSEI: I'm sure you'll make a point eventually.
TYRION: He needs to start acting like a king. This war you started is coming to our doorstep. And if the entire city wants Joffrey dead
CERSEI: I'm not the one giving the boy whores to abuse.
TYRION: I thought the girls might help him.
CERSEI: Did you?
TYRION: I was wrong. If we can't control him
CERSEI: Do you think I haven't tried? He doesn't listen to me.
TYRION: It's hard to put a leash on a dog once you've put a crown on its head.
CERSEI: I always hoped he'd be like Jaime. He looks like him. In a certain light.
TYRION: The boy is more Robert than Jaime.
CESEI: Robert was a drunken fool, but he didn't enjoy cruelty. Sometimes I wonder. What? If this is the price for what we've done, for our sins.
TYRION: Sins?
CERSEI: The Targaryens Wed brother and sister for hundreds of years, I know. That's what Jaime and I would say to each other in our moments of doubt. It's what I told Ned Stark when he was stupid enough to confront me. Half the Targaryens went mad, didn't they? What's the saying? "Every time a Targaryen is born, the Gods flip a coin."
TYRION: You've beaten the odds. Tommen and Myrcella are good, decent children, both of them.
CERSEI begins to cry. TYRION approaches, perhaps to comfort her, but there is no closeness between them.
EXT: ROBB'S CAMP AT NIGHT
The soldiers mill about. Two of them are engaged in an argument.
MAN: Then why wait?
MAN #2: We're sworn to the king.
MAN: There's not a king.
MAN #2: That's treason.
MAN: So is saving Lannisters, yeah?
MAN #2: Back off, you.
MAN: No, I won't.
BRIENNE and CATELYN watch from a distance, concerned about the lack of order.
BRIENNE: Your son returns at dawn, my lady?
CATELYN: So they say.
BRIENNE: The Kingslayer won't last the night. The more they drink, the angrier they'll get. And when the Karstarks draw their swords Who wants to die defending a Lannister?
CATELYN: Come.
BRIENNE follows CATELYN. A guard leads them into JAIME's cage. He is covered in blood.
CATELYN: I need to be alone with him.
GUARD:  My lady, our orders
CATELYN: Your orders, which I just gave you, are to leave me alone with him.
The guard exists. BRIENNE moves outside the cage.
JAIME: Come to say goodbye, Lady Stark? I believe it's my last night in this world. Is that a woman?
CATELYN: Do you hear them out there? They want your head.
JAIME: Old Lord Karstark doesn't seem to like me.
CATELYN: You strangled his son with your chains.
JAIME: Oh. Oh. Was he the one on guard duty? He was in my way. Any knight would have done the same.
CATELYN: You are no knight. You have forsaken every vow you ever took.
JAIME: So many vows. They make you swear and swear. Defend the king, obey the king, obey your father, protect the innocent, defend the weak. But what if your father despises the king? What if the king massacres the innocent? It's too much. No matter what you do, you're forsaking one vow or another. Where did you find this beast?
CATELYN: She is a truer knight than you will ever be, Kingslayer.
JAIME: Kingslayer. What a king he was. Here's to Aerys Targaryen, the Second of His Name, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, Protector of the Realm, and to the sword I shoved in his back.
CATELYN: You are a man without honor.
JAIME: Do you know, I've never been with any woman but Cersei. So in my own way, I have more honor than poor old dead Ned. What was the name of that bastard he fathered?
CATELYN: Brienne.
JAIME: No, that wasn't it. Snow, a bastard from the North. Now, when When good old Ned came home with some whore's baby, did you pretend to love it? No. You're not very good at pretending. You're an honest woman. You hated that boy, didn't you? How could you not hate him? The walking, talking reminder that the honorable Lord Eddard Stark fucked another woman.
CATELYN: (to BRIENNE) Your sword.
BRIENNE unsheathes her sword and hands it to CATELYN.
EXT: WINTERFELL
THEON address the crowd.
THEON: I told you what would happen. All of you. I told you what would happen if you served me loyally. And what would happen if you did not.
DAGMER and an iron born raider lead LUWIN through the crowd.
LUWIN: What are you doing? What have you done?
THEON: If there are any who still question whether your new lord means what he says, here is the answer to your question.
THEON gestures behind him. The raiders raise two bodies of children, hanged by their necks and burned beyond recognition. The crowd is horrified.
LUWIN: No!
THEON looks upon the bodies, and then looks down, feeling a pang of guilt.
EXT: WINTERFELL
A soldier empties a basket of dead ravens out a tower window. They collect at the feet of THEON and DAGMER.
MAN: Riders approaching!
MAR #2: Open the gate!
The gates open slowly and a band of riders canter into the courtyard. Among them is YARA, who exchanges glances with THEON before she circles him.
INT: DINING HALL OF WINTERFELL
Yara and her men have made themselves at home, feasting and sitting leisurely at the table. THEON enters.
YARA: Why, it's the Prince of Winterfell.
The men laugh.
THEON: Envy isn't attractive.
YARA:  What envy?
THEON: You should be proud of your brother's achievement. I took the great castle of Winterfell with 20 men.
YARA: You're a great warrior. I saw the bodies above your gates. Which one gave you the tougher fight, the cripple or the six-year-old?
THEON: I treated the Stark boys with honor, and they repaid me with treachery.
YARA: You treated them with honor? By butchering them?
YARA: You seized their home, as is your right. We're ironborn, we take what we need.
THEON: Exactly.
YARA: Then you made them prisoners in their home and they ran away. Is that treachery? I'd call it bravery.
THEON: They made me a promise
YARA: Your little boy prisoners made you a promise and you got mad when they broke it? Are you the dumbest cunt alive?
THEON: Don't call me
YARA: A cunt. A dumb cunt who killed the only two Starks in Winterfell. You know how valuable those boys were?
THEON: If I hadn't killed them, the Northerners would think me weak.
YARA: You are weak. And you're stupid.
THEON: I'm warning you.
YARA: Go on, then. Warn me.
THEON pauses.
THEON: You haven't brought enough men. How am I supposed to defend Winterfell with just this lot?
YARA: You're not. I've come to bring you home. Father wants a word.
THEON: Is this a joke? Winterfell is the heart of the North.
YARA: Aye, it is, hundreds of miles from the sea. We're islanders, baby brother. Had you forgotten that? Our power comes from our ships. And now that you've decorated your walls with the bodies of the Stark boys, every man in the North wants to see you hanged. When Robb Stark finds out
THEON: He won't find out. We've killed all the ravens. We have all the horses. I've taken Winterfell. And I will keep Winterfell.
YARA: (to her men) Leave us.
Her ironborn men get up from the table and exit. YARA gets up and faces THEON.
YARA: Theon, you're my blood. We both loved our mother. We both endured our father. Come home with me. Don't die here alone.
THEON: I don't intend to die.
YARA: You were a terrible baby, do you know that? Bawling all the time, never sleeping. And one night, you just wouldn't shut up, screaming like a dying pig. I walked over to your crib, I looked down at you. I wanted to strangle you. And you looked up at me and you stopped screaming. You smiled at me. Don't die so far from the sea.
YARA exits.
EXT: NORTH OF THE WALL
A party of wildlings, including JON and YGRITTE cross a frozen lake, joining a large band nearer the shore. The LORD OF BONES walks forward to meet them.
YGRITTE: I've brought you a present, Lord of Bones.
LORD OF BONES: I already got one crow. Don't need two.
YGRITTE: Mance will want to question this one. Knows all about where the crows are and what they're planning.
LORD OF BONES:The Halfhand knows more. This one is just a little boy. Gut him.
YGRITTE: He could have killed me half a dozen times.
LORD OF BONES: And now he wishes he did. Gut him.
A wildling draws a knife at the command.
YGRITTE: He's a bastard of Winterfell, Ned Stark's son.
LORD OF BONES turns around.  Mance will want him.
LORD OF BONES: What does Mance want with a dead man's bastard?
YGRITTE: I don't know. I think he'll want to decide for himself.
The LORD OF BONES walks to face YGRITTE
LORD OF BONES: He runs, I'll chop his balls off.
YGRITTE: He runs, I'll do it meself.
The LORD OF BONES walks away.
YGRITTE: We're even now, Jon Snow.
YGRITTE exits. The wildlings force JON down on his knees, next to QHORIN, who also been captured.
JON: I couldn't do it. I had the sword on her neck, I just couldn't
QHORIN: I know.
JON: The others?
QHORIN: When you didn't come back, we went looking for you. We found your tracks fast enough. But they found us before we found you.
JON: They died because of me.
QHORIN: See that it wasn't for nothing.
Two wildlings approach, and lift QHORIN to his feet.
WILDLING: All right, up, lad.
WILDLING #2: Come on, on your feet, now. Move it.
EXT: WOODS IN THE RIVERLANDS
ROBB and TALISA walk through the trees as the sun sets, followed by soldiers and horses.
TALISA: Is she beautiful?
ROBB:  I've never met her.
TALISA: What's her name?
ROBB: Frey, I suppose. I don't know her first name.
TALISA: I'm sure you'll be very happy.
They laugh together.
TALISA: And you're marrying her for a bridge?
ROBB: An important bridge.
TALISA:  Ah.
ROBB: It was before they killed my father. I still thought I could march south and rescue him in time, but only if I crossed that bridge.
TALISA: When I speak to people from the North, they all loved your father.
ROBB: He was the best man I ever met. I know children always think that about their fathers, but
TALISA: Children do not always think that about their fathers, believe me.
ROBB: He once told me that being a lord is like being a father, except you have thousands of children and you worry about all of them. The farmers plowing the fields are yours to protect. The charwomen scrubbing the floors, yours to protect. The soldiers you order into battle. He told me he woke with fear in the morning and went to bed with fear in the night. I didn't believe him. I asked him, "How can a man be brave if he's afraid?" "That is the only time a man can be brave," he told me.
TALISA: I wish I could have met him.
ROBB: He would have liked you.
TALISA: (chuckles) Most lords worry more about their gold and their glory than the charwomen scrubbing their floors.
ROBB: He didn't care much about gold or glory.
TALISA:  And you? You think I'm fighting this war so they'll sing songs about me? I want to go home. I want the men following me to go home.
TALISA: Then why don't you?
ROBB: Because we'll never be safe until the Lannisters are defeated. And because I believe in justice.
TALISA: Chopping off Joffrey's head, you mean.
ROBB: That would be a start.
Riders appraoch.
RIDER: Your Grace, milady. The Kingslayer, he escaped in the night.
ROBB: How? How?
INT: CATELYN'S TENT
ROBB enters, finding CATELYN at her desk.
ROBB: Tell me this isn't true.
CATELYN doesn't answer. She looks up at him.
ROBB: Why?
CATELYN: For the girls.
-ROBB: You betrayed me.
CATELYN: Robb
ROBB: No! You knew I would not allow it and you did it anyway.
CATELYN: Bran and Rickon are captives in Winterfell. Sansa and Arya are captives in King's Landing. I have five children, and only one of them is free.
RICKARD KARSTARK: I lost one son fighting by your son's side. I lost another to the Kingslayer, strangled with a chain. You commit treason because your children are prisoners? I would carve out my heart and offer it to the Father, if he would let my sons wake from their graves and step into a prison cell.
CATELYN:  I grieve for your sons, my lord.
RICKARD KARSTARK: I don't want your grief. I want my vengeance. And you stole it from me.
CATELYN : Killing Jaime Lannister would not buy life for your children, but returning him to King's Landing may buy life for mine.
ROBB: Jaime Lannister has played you for a fool. You've weakened our position. You've brought discord into our camp. And you did it all behind my back. Make sure she's guarded day and night.
CATELYN: Robb. How many men did we send in pursuit of the Kingslayer?
SOLDIER: Forty, Your Grace.
ROBB: Send another 40 with our fastest horses.
CATELYN: Robb.
ROBB exits.
EXT: RIVERLANDS WOODS.
A white horse gallops over a small hill, riderless. Nearby, BRIENNE pushes JAIME off his mount, hooded and chained. She sends the horse off. She helps him up
JAIME: Damn.
She unhoods him. and helps him tstand.
JAIME: You're much uglier in daylight. What's your name? I'm Jaime Lannister of Casterly Rock, son of Tywin.
BRIENNE leads the chained JAIME forward.
JAIME: A captive knight has a right to know his captor's identity.
BRIENNE: Brienne of Tarth.
JAIME: Tarth, Tarth, Tarth. Crescent moons and starbursts. Lord Selwyn Tarth. Your father. Do you have any brothers and sisters, my lady? It's a long way to King's Landing. Might as well get to know one another.
JAIME: Have you known many men? I suppose not. Women? Horses? Ah.
BIRENNE forces him down to his knees on the riverbank. A canoe sits nearby.
JAIME: I didn't mean to give offense, my lady. Forgive me.
BRIENNE looks off down the river, concerned of being seen.
BRINENNE: Your crimes are past forgiveness, Kingslayer.
JAIME: Why do you hate me so much? Have I ever harmed you?
BRINENNE: You've harmed others, those you were sworn to protect, the weak, the innocent.
JAIME: Has anyone ever told you you're as boring as you are ugly?
BRIENNE pulls JAIME up and leads him to the river's edge.
BRINENNE: You will not provoke me to anger.
JAIME: I already have. Look at you. You're ready to chop my head off. Do you think you could? Do you think you could beat me in a fair fight?
BRINENNE:  I've never seen you fight.
JAIME: The answer is no. There are three men in the kingdoms who might have a chance against me. You're not one of them.
BRIENNE: All my life men like you have sneered at me. And all my life I've been knocking men like you into the dust.
JAIME: If you're so confident, unlock my chains. Let's see what happens.
BRINENNE: Do you take me for an idiot? In!
JAIME enters the canoe and lies down. BRIENNE boards as well and sits in the stern.
JAIME: I took you for a fighter, a man Pardon. Woman of honor. Was I wrong? You're afraid.
BRINENNE: Maybe one day we'll find out, Kingslayer.
BRIENNE launches the canoe and paddles it downstream.
INT: CASTLE RUINS IN THE SHADOWLANDS
TYWIN sits in council with KEVAN LANNISTER and other Lannister bannermen. ARYA attends to them, and listens intently
KEVAN: King's Landing will fall an hour after Stannis lands his force. It's not too late for King Joffrey and Cersei and the court to ride west to safety.
TYWIN: Surrender the Iron Throne?
KEVAN: Better than seeing their heads mounted on the city gates. Stannis will execute them all.
TYWIN: No, a king who runs will not be king for long. He's a Lannister. He'll stand and fight. Stannis, two days from the capital and the wolf at my doorstep.
KEVAN: The scouts assure us Robb Stark remains north of Ashemark.
TYWIN: Ha! The last time the scouts assured us of Stark's movement, he lured us into a trap. Which is why my son is his prisoner.
ARYA serves win to the table
TWYIN: Too close to Casterly Rock.
KEVAN: He sent a splinter force to recapture Winterfell. The Greyjoys have done us a great favor. Stark won't risk marching on Casterly Rock until he's at full force.
TYWIN: He's a boy and he's never lost a battle. He'll risk anything at any time because he doesn't know enough to be afraid.
TYWIN ponders for a while by the hearth. He makes his decision.
TYWIN: We'll ride at nightfall. I want a full night's march before he knows we're on the move. Clegane, you'll maintain a garrison here at Harrenhal. Track down this brotherhood and destroy them. The girl has proven herself a good servant. She'll stay on with you. See that he doesn't get drunk in the evenings. He's poor company when he's sober, but he's better at his work.
ARYA looks worried.
EXT: CASTLE RUINS IN THE SHADOWLANDS
ARYA walks through the dismal courtyard. Soldiers torture their prisoners.
GUARD: You've got some questions to answer.
MAN: Who killed Ser Amory?
MAN #2: I don't know! Please!
MAN: Give me the name. Take this one out for the crows.
MAN #2: I told you, I don't know. Please.
ARYA comes across RORGE, and BITER, sitting with some Lannister soldiers.
RORGE: Look, it's Yoren's little cunt. Used to be a boy, now it's a girl.
ARYA: Where's Jaqen?
RORGE: Don't care. Where's your stick now, bitch? I promised to fuck you with it.
GUARD: Come on, time to kill some wolves.
They stand. Both RORGE and BITER eye ARYA as they walk past.
CUT TO: THE FORGE
HOT PIE sits talking while GENDRY works some horse shoes, listless.
HOT PIE: You need sour cherries to make it right. And the secret is you dry the stones, and then you break them with a mallet. That's where the real flavor is. You crush 'em up real fine. And then when you're finished, you sprinkle them over the piecrust.
ARYA enters.
ARYA: Where's Jaqen?
HOT PIE: How would I know?
ARYA: I need him now. Lord Tywin's marching tonight.
GENDRY: You need him?
ARYA:  He's helping me.
HOT PIE: I saw him.
ARYA: Where?
HOT PIE shrugs and pops his pastry in his mouth. ARYA comes over and grabs his ears.
ARYA: Where?
HOT PIE: Ow!
ARYA: Where?
HOT PIE: They went riding out the gates a few hours ago.
ARYA tightens her grip.
HOT PIE: On patrol. Let go of my ears.
She does. ARYA turns at sound of horses, and watches TYWIN mount. She walks towards him
HOT PIE: What do you want with him anyway?
ARYA watches TYWIN and his men ride off.
EXT: THE NORTH
QUORIN: Mance is gonna march on the Wall. When he does, one brother inside his army will be worth 1,000 fighting against it.
JON: They'll never trust me.
QUORIN: They might. If you do what needs to be done.
JON: What?
QUORIN: (yelling) How does it feel knowing those men all died so you could skip through the snow with your little savage girl?
JON: I didn't.
QUORIN:  I should have known better, trusting a traitor's bastard.
QHORIN pushes Jon roughly, sending him tumbling down the side of the hill. The LORD OF BONES confronts QUORIN
LORD OF BONES: He's not yours to kill, crow.
The LORD OF BONES pushes QHORIN forward. YGRITTE pauses and looks sympathetically down the slope at JON, reconsidering him. JON sits up and looks back at her.
INT: KING'S LANDING
BRONN and TYRION sit in his chambers. TYRION is attempting to read, but he is annoyed by BRONN's fingernail scraping with a compass.  TYRION; Do you have to do that here?
BRONN: I like to keep me hands clean.
TYRION: Yes, but do you have to do it here?
BRONN looks at TYRION, then throws the compass down on the desk in front of him.
TYRION: You should start wearing the gold cloak.
BRONN: I don't want to wear a gold cloak.
TYRION: You're commander of the City Watch. You shouldn't be dressed like a common
BRONN: A cloak slows you down in a fight. Makes it hard to move quietly. And the gold catches the light, so you're nice and easy to spot at night.
TYRION: Well, you're not sneaking through alleyways any longer. You're supposed to stand out.
BRONN: We had a deal and wearing a gold cloak wasn't part of it.
TYRION: Fine, fine. No gold cloak.
TYRION goes back to his work. BRONN sucks his teeth and drums his finger, continuing to look at TYRION.
TYRION: What?
BRONN:  What?
TYRION: What? What? Why are you staring at me?
BRONN: (scoffs) You don't want me cleaning me nails. You don't want me looking your way. Why am I here?
TYRION: To help me plan the defense of King's Landing.
BRONN laughs as he stands up, and begins to pace around.
TYRION: Stannis will be here any day.
BRONN picks up a book from the pile as he walks past.
BRONN: And one of these explains how to beat him?
TYRION gestures to the volume that he is reading.
TYRION: "An History of the Great Sieges of Westeros. " By Archmaester Shevelathin. Shevelatesh.
BRONN: Chevalteesh. I'd swap all your books for a few good archers.
VARYS enters.
VARYS: My Lord Hand. Commander. I must compliment you on the gold cloaks' performance these last few weeks. Did you know there has been a marked drop in thievery?
He sits.
TYRION: I did not know. And how did you accomplish this marked drop in thievery?
BRONN: Me and the lads rounded up all the known thieves.
TYRION: For questioning?
BRONN: No. It's just the unknown thieves we need to worry about now.
TYRION: We talked about this.
BRONN: Aye, we talked about it. Have you ever been in a city under siege? Maybe this part's not in your books. See, it's not the fighting that kills most people. It's the starving. Food's worth more than gold. Noble ladies sell their diamonds for a sack of potatoes. Things get bad enough, the poor start eating each other.
BRONN sits back down at the table.
BRONN: The thieves, they love a siege. Soon as the gates are sealed, they steal all the food. By the time it's all over, they're the richest men in town.
VARYS: Given the circumstances, my lord, I believe extreme measures are warranted.
BRONN: (nods)
VARYS: Ah. "The Great Sieges of Westeros." Thrilling subject. Shame Archmaester Ch'Vyalthan wasn't a better writer.
TYRION grabs a parchment and unrolls it.
TYRION: Stannis knows King's Landing. He knows where the walls are strongest, and he knows which gates are weakest. The Mud Gate. A good ram will batter it down in minutes, and it's only 50 yards from the water. That's where he'll land.
VARYS: And if Stannis does attack the Mud Gate, what is our plan?
BRONN: We could throw books at his men.
VARYS: We don't have that many books.
BRONN: We don't have that many men, either.
VARYS: What do we have?
TYRION: Pig shit.
EXT: THE FAR NORTH
The Night's Watch camps on the top of a cliff. The wind howls. GRENN, EDDISION TOLLETT and SAM dig in the snow.
SAM: (panting) I'm not cut out for this sort of work.
SAM sits down to rest. The others continue to dig.
EDDISON: I always imagined meself doing something much worse.
GRENN: We're digging latrine pits at the end of the world. I can't imagine anything much worse.
EDDISON: You lack imagination.
SAM: Where do you think Jon is right now?
EDDISION: He went off with the Halfhand. He didn't come back. A betting man would go with dead.
SAM: He's not dead. No, Jon's a great fighter.
GRENN: Well, he's better than me and a lot better than you.
SAM: He's got a Valyrian steel sword.
EDDISION: So did his father.
SAM: And Qhorin Halfhand is the greatest ranger alive.
EDDISON: Great rangers never get old is the problem. Shit ones neither. It's them in the middle that last a long time.
GRENN's shovel clangs against something metal.
GRENN: What in seven hells is that?
He plants his shovel and starts digging and clearing with his hands. SAM comes over to see. GRENN reveals a round stone cover, engraved with markings.
SAM: The First Men made these marks. Help me with it.
GRENN lifts the cover and finds a bundle wrapped in a cloak.
GRENN: Look.
EDDISION: If you find something you're not supposed to, best thing to do is pretend you've never seen it.
SAM: That's a Night's Watch cloak.
GRENN: It's been here a long time.
GRENN opens the bundle to reveal a set of obsidian knifes.
SAM: Oh. Must be dragonglass.
GRENN: Dragonglass?
SAM: The maesters call it obsidian.
GRENN: Why would a brother hide it here?
EDDISON: I expect it's 'cause he wanted somebody to find it.
EXT: HARRENHALL COURTYARD
ARYA caries a yoke with two buckets of water. She bumps into a Lannister soldier, and the contraption falls, spilling her load.
SOLDIER: Mind where you're going.
The SOLDIER smacks her across the head. ARYA looks dejected and crouches to pick up the empty bucket.  A SOLDIER stops next to her.
ARYA: I'm sorry. I'll
ARYA stands, and realized that it is JAQEN.
ARYA: (annoyed) Where were you?
JAQEN: A man has patrol duty.
ARYA: Tywin Lannister was right here, and now he's gone.
JAQEN: A girl owes one more name. The Red God demands it. Give the man a name.
ARYA: How long after I give you the name does it take you to kill someone?
JAQEN: A minute, an hour, a month. Death is certain, the time is not.
JAQEN puts down his helmet and sits.
ARYA: He's taking his army to attack my brother. I need him dead right now.
JAQEN: This a man cannot do.
He pours some water from a pitcher, and drinks.
ARYA: You promised you'd help me.
JAQEN: Help was not promised, lovely girl. Only death. There must be others. Give a name, any name.
ARYA: And you'll kill them? Anybody?
JAQEN: By the Seven New Gods and the Old Gods beyond counting, I swear it.
ARYA: All right. Jaqen H'ghar.
JAQEN considers.
JAQEN: A girl gives a man his own name?
ARYA:  That's right.
JAQEN:  Gods are not mocked. This is no joking thing.
ARYA:  I'm not joking. A man can go kill himself.
JAQEN:  Un-name me.
ARYA: No.
JAQEN:  Please?
ARYA: I'll un-name you.
JAQEN:  Thank you.
ARYA:  If you help me and my friends escape.
JAQEN: This would require more than one life. This is not part of our bargain.
ARYA: Fine, Jaqen H'ghar.
JAQEN: A girl lacks honor. If I do this thing, a girl must obey.
ARYA: A girl will obey.
JAQEN: A girl and her friends will walk through the gate at midnight.
JAQEN exits.
INT: KING'S LANDING
CERSEI'S CHAMBERS
PODRICK pours wine for TYRION, who is seated at a table. CERSEI stands in the background.
TYRION: Thank you, Podrick.
CERSEI: Odd little boy.
TYRION: I have a certain sympathy for odd little boys.
CERSEI: You and Varys both.
TYRION removes his napkin from his neck and wipes his face.
TYRION: Excellent lamprey pie. Were you slaving away in the kitchen all day? I hear Joffrey plans on fighting. An inspiration for the troops. The young king in his shining armor fighting to defend the capital against the wicked old rebel.
CERSEI: He's only a boy.
TYRION: Younger boys are off fighting his war.
CERSEI: He's not ready.
TYRION: What is he, 17? Remember Jaime at 17?
CERSEI: Better than you. Some men have a gift for this sort of thing, some don't. His place is not on the battlefield.
TYRION: It's not on the throne, either, sadly for all of us.
PODRICK snickers.
CERSEI: Do you think I'm an idiot?
TYRION: No, I'd say you possess above-average intelligence.
CERSEI: You shipped off my only daughter. And now you want to send my eldest son to the battlefield to die.
TYRION: He'll have his Kingsguard protecting him. He has the finest armor gold can buy. He needs to be out there. The men will fight more fiercely seeing their king fighting beside them instead of hiding behind his mother's skirts. Any dessert?
CERSEI: Do you know why Varys is so dangerous?
TYRION: Because he has thousands of spies in his employ. Because he knows everything we do before we do it.
CERSEI: Because he doesn't have a cock.
TYRION: Neither do you.
CERSEI: Perhaps I'm dangerous, too. You, on the other hand, are as big a fool as every other man. That little worm between your legs does half your thinking.
TYRION: It's not that little.
CERSEI: (laughs)
TYRION: Why are you smiling?
CERSEI: Because I'm happy.
TYRION: And why are you happy?
She sits.
CERSEI: Because I have your little whore.
TYRION: I thought you preferred blondes.
CERSEI: Such a droll little fellow. Tell me, have you married this one yet? No? Good. Father will be so pleased.
TYRION: Why do you care who I fuck?
CERSEI: Because a Lannister always pays her debts. You stole my only daughter, you plot to have Joffrey killed.
TYRION: This is madness. Stannis will be here in days. You need me.
CERSEI: For what? Your skill in battle? Pretty thing, your whore. Lovely body. The bruises will heal in time.
TYRION: Where did you find her?
CERSEI: Varys isn't the only one who hears whispers. Really, a Lannister lion necklace? You need to hide your secret whores more carefully.
TYRION: You've forgotten the most important thing about whores.
CERSEI: Oh? Well, you're the expert. Tell me.
TYRION: You don't buy them, you only rent them.
CERSEI: You're usually a better liar, baby brother. This one you like. You like her very much. Could it be love? Don't worry, she'll be treated gently enough. Unless Joffrey is hurt. And then every wound he suffers, she'll suffer, too. And if he dies, there isn't a man alive who could devise a more painful death for your little cunt.
TYRION: And how do I know you haven't killed her already?
CERSEI: Would you like to see her? I thought you might. Ser Mandon, bring in my brother's whore.
MANDON moves behind her and opens the chamber door. TYRION looks worried. Two guards bring in ROS, rather than SHAE.  TYRION looks her over.
TYRION: I'm sorry they hurt you. You must be brave.
TYRION takes her hand.
TYRION: I promise I will free you.
WHORE: Don't forget me.
TYRION: Never.
The guards take her away. CERSEI looks pleased.
TYRION: I will hurt you for this. A day will come when you think you're safe and happy, and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth. And you will know the debt is paid.
CERSEI: Get out.
INT: KING'S LANDING
TYRION walks through the hallway and bursts into his chambers.
TYRION: Shae!
SHAE: I've been waiting all night. What is wrong?
TRION: You're beautiful.
SHAE smiles and kisses him.
SHAE: Then why do you look sad?
TYRION kneels before her.
TYRION: We have to be more careful.
SHAE: Don't be afraid. I can take care of myself.
TYRION: There are people who want to hurt me.
SHAE: I know. I won't let them. I'll cut off their faces. I will.
TYRION: I would kill for you. Do you know that? I expect I'll have to before this is over. You're mine.
SHAE: I'm yours.
TYRION: Promise me.
SHAE: I'm yours, and you are mine.
They kiss.
INT: THE RIVERLANDS
ROBB and ROOSE sit in conference.
ROBB: Still no word?
ROOSE: We've sent a dozen ravens. None have returned. My bastard is only a few days from Winterfell. Once he captures the castle
ROBB: Theon has my brothers. If we storm the castle
ROOSE: He wouldn't dare hurt the boys. They're his only hope of escaping the North with his head.
ROBB: Send word to your son. Any ironborn who surrender will be allowed to return safely to their homes.
ROOSE: A touch of mercy is a virtue, Your Grace. Too much
ROBB: Any ironborn with the exception of Theon Greyjoy. He betrayed our cause. He betrayed me. And we will hunt him down no matter where he runs.
ROOSE: I expect his countrymen will turn on him the minute they hear the offer.
TALISA enters. They stand
TALISA: Your pardon, my lord. Your Grace.
ROOSE: My lady.
ROOSE exits.
TALISA: How are you?
ROBB: How am I? I've had to arrest my mother. The Lannisters have my sisters. The man I considered my closest friend has seized my home and my brothers. I'm fighting a war and I don't know if I should march south or north.
TALISA: I'm sorry. It was a stupid question. I'm sorry.
ROBB: No. Forgive me. You're being kind. I have no right.
TALISA: You have every right. You're a king.
ROBB: That's not the kind of king I want to be.
TALISA: What kind do you want to be?
ROBB: I don't know. The good kind. Most kings grew up as princes. They spend their whole lives preparing for the crown. I was raised to be Lord of Winterfell.
TALISA: I was raised to be a proper little lady, to play the harp and dance the latest steps and recite Valyrian poetry.
ROBB: I'd like to hear you play the harp.
TALISA: No. No, you would not.
They laugh. Robb pours some wine and hands it to her.
ROBB: How did you go from reciting Valyrian poetry to sawing off men's feet?
TALISA: When I was 12, my mother and father went to a wedding. Weddings in Volantis last for days, you know. And they left me with my little brother. The second afternoon they were gone was the hottest day in the three-year summer. We couldn't bear to be inside, so we ran down to the Rhoyne. Every child in Volantis was in the Rhoyne that day. The rich, the poor, we were all there. Naked, screaming, racing to the little islands. Drummers were playing for coppers on the east bank. I was treading water, talking to a friend, when I realized I hadn't seen my brother. I called his name. Then I started screaming his name. And then I saw him floating face down. My heart just stopped. I was I dragged him from the water. My friend helped me, I think. I don't even remember. He was so little. Then we pulled him onto the riverbank. And I screamed at him and I shook him. And he was dead. Just dead. A man ran over. He had a fish tattoo on his face. In Volantis, the slaves have tattoos. So you know what they are without having to talk to them. And this man worked on a fishing boat. And he pushed me out of the way. You have to understand, for a slave to push a highborn girl, that's death for the man, a terrible death. But he pushed me out of the way, and he started pressing on my brother's chest again and again and again, until my brother spat out half of the Rhoyne and cried out. And the man cradled his head and told him to be calm. I decided two things that day. I would not waste my years planning dances and masquerades with the other noble ladies. And when I came of age, I would never live in a slave city again. I'm sorry, Your Grace. You told me of your problems and I've blathered on.
They both stand.
ROBB: I don't want to marry the Frey girl.
TALISA: I don't want you to marry her.
ROBB: But you needed that bridge. I hope it's a very beautiful bridge.
They kiss passionately, and undress one another in a fury. They make love on the floor.
EXT: THE SHADOWLANDS
The courtyard at night.
HOT PIE: The sour cherries was all crushed up and ready.
GENDRY: Shut up.
HOT PIE: Probably in the piecrust by now. In the oven. The nice, warm oven.
AYRA: Shut up. What did you bring?
HOT PIE: The cheese could be better. I did get some nice sausages. GENDRY What did he want us to do about those guards?
ARYA: He didn't say. He just said, "Walk through the gates."
GENDRY: What about the guards?
ARYA: He didn't say anything about the guards.
GENDRY: What, he left that bit out? It's a pretty important part, don't you think?
ARYA: We have to trust him.
GENDRY: Trust him? You trusted him to fight with us when you set him free and he ran.
HOT PIE: I want to go back to the kitchens.
ARYA: Shut up. Stay here if you're afraid.
ARYA gets up and walks towards the gate.
GENDRY: Arry, don't.
GENDRY and HOT PIE follow. When they reach the guards, they realize that all have been slaughtered. They walk through the gate.
EXT: STANNIS'S FLEET
Soldiers fire a large crossbow in the night.
MAN: Away! Reset!
DAVOS and STANNIS stand on deck.
DAVOS: If the wind holds, we'll reach King's Landing in a day.
STANNIS: Will it hold?
DAVOS: Can't make promises for the wind, Your Grace.
They walk down some steps to the main deck and continue on.
MAN: Again, pull!
STANNIS: I admire you, Ser Davos.
DAVOS: I thank you, Your Grace.
STANNIS: Pleased to hear it. Some highborn fools call you Onion Knight and think they insult you. So you take the onion for your sigil, sew it on your coat, fly the onion flag.
DAVOS: My son wishes me to change it. Three mermen with tridents, something like that. I understand why the older families look down at me.
STANNIS: Do you? Why?
DAVOS: My father was a crabber.
STANNIS: And?
DAVOS:  Well, sons of lords don't like to break bread with sons of crabbers. Our hands stink.
STANNIS: And where were those lords when Storm's End starved?
DAVOS: Many fought bravely for your brother. Many fought for the Mad King.
STANNIS: You defend these men who insult you behind your back.
DAVOS: Some are happy to do it to my face.
STANNIS: We were forgotten. Robert and Ned Stark, they were the heroes. The glorious rebels marching from battle to battle, liberating towns from the yoke of the Mad King, while I held Storm's End with 500 men.
DAVOS: No one has forgotten, Your Grace.
STANNIS:  No? Robert did. He gave Storm's End to Renly after the war. Renly never fought a day in his life.
DAVOS: He was only a boy.
STANNIS:  Then why'd he give him Storm's End?
DAVOS: (exhales)
STANNIS: First, we ate the horses. We weren't riding anywhere, not with the castle surrounded. We couldn't feed them, so fine, the horses. Then the cats. Never liked cats. So fine. I do like dogs. Good animals. Loyal. But we ate them. Then the rats. The night before you slipped through, I thought my wife was dying. She couldn't speak anymore, she was so frail. And then you made it through the lines. Slipped right through in your little black sailboat with your onions.
DAVOS: And potatoes. Some salted beef, I believe.
STANNIS:  Every man in Storm's End wanted to kiss you that night.
DAVOS: I was relieved they did not.
STANNIS: Robert told me to hold Storm's End, so I held it. Then he told me he was giving it to Renly, so I gave it up. Insult or no, I gave it up. Because Robert was my older brother, and he was the king and I've always done my duty. But now, I'm the rightful king by every law of Westeros. And when I sit the Iron Throne, you'll be my Hand.
DAVOS: Your Grace, I pray I serve you well.
STANNIS: I expect you'll be the first crabber's son to wear the badge.
EXT: KING'S LANDING
JOFFREY, VARYS and TYRION walk through the streets of King's Landing
JOFFREY: You're the Master of Whisperers. You're supposed to know everything.
VARYS: No man can be in all rooms at all times. I have many little birds in the North, my lord, but I haven't heard their songs since Theon Greyjoy captured Winterfell.
JOFFREY: The Stark forces are distracted. Now is the time to strike.
TYRION: To strike? My dear nephew, you do see these men preparing the walls for siege? You do understand Stannis Baratheon sails this way?
JOFFREY: If my Uncle Stannis lands on the shores of King's Landing, I'll ride out to greet him.
TYRION: A brave choice, Your Grace. I'm sure your men will line up behind you.
JOFFREY: They say Stannis never smiles. I'll give him a red smile from ear to ear.
JOFFREY exits.
TYRION: Imagine Stannis' terror.
VARYS: I am trying.
TYRION: You're an intelligent man. I'd like to think I'm an intelligent man.
VARYS: Oh, no one disputes that, my lord, not even the multitudes who despise you.
TYRION: I wish we could converse as two honest, intelligent men.
VARYS: I wish we could, too.
TYRION: What do you want? Tell me.
VARYS: If we're going to play, you'll have to start.
TYRION: My brother was the youngest Kingsguard in history. My sister became queen at the age of 19. When I reached manhood, my father put me in charge of all the drains and cisterns in Casterly Rock.
VARYS: A most highborn plumber.
TYRION: The water never flowed better. And all the shit found its way to the sea. I never expected to have any real power. So when my father named me acting Hand
TYRION:  I do. Last thing I expected.
VARYS: And you play it well.
TYRION: I'd like to keep playing it. If Stannis breaches the gates, the game is over.
VARYS: They say he burns his enemies alive to honor the Lord of Light.
TYRION:  The Lord of Light wants his enemies burned, the Drowned God wants them drowned. Why are all the gods such vicious cunts? Where is the god of tits and wine?
VARYS: In the Summer Isles, they worship a fertility goddess with 16 teats.
TYRION: We should sail there immediately.
VARYS: This morning, I heard a song all the way from Qarth beyond the Red Waste. Daenerys Targaryen lives.
TYRION: A girl at the edge of the world is the least of our problems.
VARYS: She has three dragons. But even if what they say is true, it'll be years before they are fully grown. And then there will be nowhere to hide.
TYRION: One game at a time, my friend.
EXT: QARTH
DAENERYS peers through a boarded entryway
JORAH: Careful, Khaleesi. Xaro owns this city and the warlocks have a thousand eyes watching for you. I found one. A ship with a good captain. She leaves for Astapor tomorrow.
DAENERYS: Astapor?
JORAH: We cannot stay here.
DAENERYS: They have my dragons. A mother does not flee without her children.
JORAH: They're not your children. I know they call you the Mother of Dragons and I know you love them, but you didn't grow them in your womb. They didn't suckle at your breast. They are dragons, Khaleesi. And if we stay in Qarth, we'll die.
DAENERYS: You should sail to Astapor. I'm sure you'll be safe there.
JORAH: You know I would die for you. I will never abandon you. I'm sworn to protect you, to serve.
DAENERYS: Then serve me. If my dragons are in the House of the Undying, then take me there.
JORAH: That's what the warlock wants. He told you so himself. If you enter that place, you will never leave again. His magic is strong.
DAENERYS:  And what of my magic? You saw me step into the fire. You watched the witch burn. What did the flames do to me? Do you remember?
JORAH: Until my last breath, I will remember. After I have forgotten my mother's face.
DAENERYS touches JORAH's face.
DAENERYS: They are my children. And they are the only children I will ever have. Take me to them.
JORAH: (nods)
EXT: WINTERFELL
THEON: We should bury them.
DAGMER: I'd leave 'em up a few more days. Sends a message.
THEON: If they haven't got the damn message yet, a few more days won't help. As you say. But it don't hurt to let 'em rot a while longer.
DAGMER: What's this?
THEON: Gold for the farmer. For his trouble.
DAGMER: His troubles are done. He's feeding the crops now.
LUWIN approaches and exchanges a glance with OSHA. She ducks into an entryway. LUWIN looks at THEON and DAGMER.
DAGMER: His wife, too. You want to keep a man silent, you silence him.
LUWIN walks over to look at the burned bodies of BRAN and RICKON.
CUT TO: DARKNESS
OSHA lights a candle.
OSHA: Got as far as the farm and then doubled back. Walked through the stream to throw off the hounds. Hoped this would be the last place they'd think to look.
LUWIN: You're right so far.
OSHA: Who was that out there hung up at the gates?
LUWIN: Must have been the farmer's boys.
OSHA: He killed them and burned them and passed them off as the little lords?
LUWIN: They mustn't know. Bran would blame himself.
OSHA: They'll never hear it from me. The little lads have suffered enough.
BRAN sits just out of sight, having heard everything. HODOR and RICKON sleep.
EXT. THE SEA AT NIGHT
STANNIS's fleet sails through the night.
DAVOS walks the deck, and looks out the stern at the rest of the ships.
CUT TO: STANNIS looks ahead
CUT TO: Soldiers sitting below, tired and waiting. One vomits from sea sickness.
CUT TO: MATTHOS and DAVOS above deck.
MATTHOS: That's it. The tide's against us.
DAVOS: Aye, but we have the wind. She'll blow us straight to the gates.
MATTHOS: You're coming home.
DAVOS: King's Landing hasn't been home for 20 years. I spent most of my life dodging the royal fleet. And now I'm sailing right at them.
MATTHOS: This is the royal fleet. And you're not a smuggler anymore, you're the high captain.
DAVOS: Of course, there are several royal fleets at the moment.
MATTHOS: Not after tonight. When the sun rises, Stannis will sit on the Iron Throne and you will be his Hand.
DAVOS: Gods be good.
MATTHOS: God. Father, there is only one and he watches over us.
DAVOS: But not over them?
MATTHOS: Over all of us. The people of King's Landing did not choose the false king, Joffrey Baratheon. They will be glad to see his head on a spike.
DAVOS: Well, first, we have to put it there.
MATTHOS: Our ships outnumber theirs 10-to-1.
DAVOS: Our army outnumber theirs 5-to-1. Those walls have never been breached, and the men guarding the walls, when they see you, they don't see a liberator, they see a stranger come to set their city on fire.
MATTHOS: I have faith in the Lord of Light. I have faith in our cause. And I have faith in my captain.
INT: KING'S LANDING AT NIGHT
TYRION and SHAE lie in bed in his chambers.
SHAE: Are you afraid, my lion?
TYRION: If the city falls, Stannis will burn every Lannister he can find. Of course I'm afraid.
SHAE: I won't let them hurt you.
TYRION: I'm a Lannister. I don't have a choice in all this. But it's not your war.
SHAE sits astride him.
SHAE: It is now.
TYRION: You can't fuck your way out of everything.
SHAE: I have so far. Do you remember what you said when you met me in your tent? That I should make love to you like it was your last day on this earth.
They kiss.
INT: CERSEI'S CHAMBERS
CERSEI looks out her window.
PYCELLE: As you know, Your Grace, it is not only the sworn duty of a maester to carry out the wishes of the house he serves, but also to offer guidance and counsel in times of war.
CERSEI: Your words are always wise and measured.
CERSEI: You brought me something?
PYCELLE: Yes. Essence of nightshade is as dangerous as it is efficacious. A single drop in a cup of wine suffices to soothe ragged nerves. Three drops will bring on a deep and dreamless sleep. Ten drops, however
CERSEI: I know what ten drops will bring.
PYCELLE: Your Grace, if I may ask
CERSEI: You may not. You must have a lot of work to do. I'm sure many brave men will need your wisdom soon.
PYCELLE: Yes. A siege is very
ERSEI: Be careful on the stairs, Grand Maester. There are so many.
PYCELLE: Your Grace.
INT:  KING'S LANDING
BRONN and the soldiers of King's Landing are drinking and singing, with some prostitutes mingling among them. BRONN has his arm around a prostitute.
MEN: (singing) And so he spoke That Lord of Castamere But now the rains weep o'er his halls With no one there to hear Yes, now the rains weep o'er his halls And not a soul to hear -
BRONN: To the boys!
MEN:
SOLDIER: Lannisters! Where'd you learn the Lannister song?
BRONN: Drunk Lannisters.
The soldiers laugh.
PROSTITUTE: You've got a pretty voice.
BRONN: Thank you very much.
PROSTITUTE: And I like your nose. How many times you break it?
BRONN pulls her to stand in front of him.
BRONN: Well, now let's see. First time, I was five. My mam smacked me with an iron poker.
PROSTITUTE:  Oh.
BRONN: It wasn't me she was aiming at. She was trying for my little brother. Now he was a real pest.
BRONN start to undress her.
BRONN: Second time, I was nine. Got in a scrap with a few older boys. They won. Third time
The prostitute is fully naked, and BRONN's thoughts are going elsewhere.
BRONN: Eh, you don't want to know about the third time.
She sits on his lap and kisses his nose.
PROSTITUTE:  Poor nose.
BRONN: Don't feel sorry for him. He'll be halfway up your arse before the night's through.
The men laugh.
The HOUND and a soldier enter.
BRONN: Welcome, friends. This round's on me.
The HOUND and his companion stand in front of a table. The two men sitting there vacate if for them, silently. They sit down. The HOUND drinks from the mug sitting there.
BRONN: (whispering) I don't think he likes me.
HOUND: You think you're a hard man?
BRONN: I know it.
The men laugh.
BRONN: It's warm in here. We've got beautiful women and good brown ale. Plenty for everyone. And all you want is to put one of us in the cold ground with no women to keep us company.
HOUND: Oh, there's women in the ground. I put some there myself. So have you. You like fucking and drinking and singing. But killing, killing's the thing you love. You're just like me.
He stands and walks towards BRONN.
HOUND: Only smaller.
BRONN: And quicker. Eh?
HOUND: Your Lord Imp's going to miss you.
BRONN pats the prostitute on the knee, and she gets off his lap. He stands to face the HOUND.
BRONN: Aye I expect he will someday.
He reaches behind him to a dagger sheathed at his waist. A bell tolls. The soldiers get up and leave.
MAN: Here we are.
BRONN: One more drink before the war? Shall we?
The HOUND backs off. They both exit.
INT:  TYRION'S CHAMBERs
VARYS stands by the window while PODRICK helps to dress TYRION in his armor.
VARYS: I've always hated the bells. They ring for horror. A dead king, a city under siege.
TYRION: A wedding.
VARYS: Exactly. Podrick, is that it?
TYRION: "Is that it?" Nice touch. As if you don't know the name of every boy in town.
VARYS: I'm not entirely sure what you're suggesting.
TYRION: I'm entirely sure you're entirely sure what I'm suggesting.
VARYS: Do you trust him?
TYRION: Oddly enough, I do.
VARYS: Good.
VARYS unfolds a map before them.
VARYS: The map you asked for.
TYRION steps down to study the map. PODRICK continues to dress him.
TYRION: There must be 20 miles of tunnels beneath the city.
VARYS: Closer to 50. The Targaryens built this city to withstand a siege and to provide escape if necessary.
TYRION:  I'm not escaping. Strange as it sounds, I'm the captain of the ship, and if the ship goes down, I go with her.
VARYS: That is good to hear. Though I'm sure many captains say the same while their ship is afloat. You look well suited for battle, my lord.
TYRION:  Well, I'm not.
VARYS: For all our sakes, I hope you are wrong. My little birds tell me that Stannis Baratheon has taken up with a red priestess from Asshai.
TYRION: What of it?
VARYS: You don't believe in the old powers, my lord?
TYRION: Blood spells, curses, shape-shifting. What do you think?
VARYS: I think you believe in what you see and in what those you trust have seen. You probably don't entirely trust me.
TYRION: Mmm, don't take it personally. I don't entirely trust myself.
VARYS: And yet I have seen things and heard things, things you have not, things I wish I had not. I don't believe I've ever told you how I was cut.
TYRION: No, I don't believe you have.
VARYS: One day, I will. The dark arts have provided Lord Stannis with his armies and paved his path to our door. For a man in service to such powers to sit on the Iron Throne, I can think of nothing worse. And tonight, I believe you are the only man who can stop him.
PODRICK hands TYRION his war axe.
EXT:  STANNIS'S FLEET
MATTHOS: They're welcoming the new king.
DAVOS: I've never known bells to mean surrender. They want to play music with us? Let's play. Drums.
MATTHOS: Drums!
Soldiers start to play the drums. The soldiers spring to action, readying for battle. STANNIS watches, resolute.
INT: King's Landing
TYRION: Remember, wait till the ships
BRONN: The ships are in the bay.
TYRION: They must be far enough in
BRONN: I know what "in" means. Do you know how to use that?
TYRION: I chopped wood once. No, I watched my brother chopping wood.
BRONN: I saw you kill a man with a shield. You'll be unstoppable with an ax.
They clasp hands.
BRONN: Don't get killed.
TYRION:  Nor you, my friend.
BRONN: Oh, are we friends now?
TYRION: Of course we are. Just because I pay you for your services doesn't diminish our friendship.
BRONN: Enhances it, really.
TYRION: Oh! "Enhances." Fancy word for a sellsword.
BRONN: Been spending time with fancy folks.
BRONN exits. SANSA and SHAE enter.
TYRION: Lady Sansa and Sheila.
SHAE: Shae.
TYRION: Shae, yes. Surely my sister has asked you to join the other highborn ladies in Maegor's holdfast.
SANSA: She has, my lord, but King Joffrey sent for me to see him off.
JOFFREY and the HOUND enter.
JOFFREY: Sansa.
TYRION: Always been a great romantic, my nephew.
JOFFREY: Sansa, come here.
SANSA: I will pray for your safe return, my lord.
TYRION: Will you?
SANSA: Just as I pray for the king's.
SANSA walks away.
TYRION: Stay safe, my lady.
SHAE: And you, my lion.
PODRICK and TYRION exit
JOFFREY: Your king rides forth to battle. You should see him off with a kiss.
He draws his sword and presents it.
JOFFREY: My new blade. Hearteater, I've named it. Kiss it.
SANSA leans down and kissed the blade.
JOFFREY: You'll kiss it again when I return and taste my uncle's blood.
SANSA: Will you slay him yourself?
JOFFREY: If Stannis is fool enough to come near me.
SANSA: So you'll be outside the gates fighting in the vanguard?
JOFFREY: A king doesn't discuss battle plans with stupid girls.
SANSA: I'm sorry, Your Grace. You're right, I'm stupid. Of course you'll be in the vanguard. They say my brother Robb always goes where the fighting is thickest. And he is only a pretender.
JOFFREY: Your brother's turn will come. Then you can lick his blood off Hearteater, too.
JOFFREY and the HOUND exit
SHAE: Some of those boys will never come back.
SANSA: Joffrey will. The worst ones always live.
SHAE:  Shh. Come, my lady.
EXT: THE STREETS OF WINTERFELL
The soldiers buzz with activity. JOFFREY enters, along with TYRION, the HOUND and LANCEL. A horse gallops through, and some townsfolks scurry past. They climb the stairs to the top of the exterior wall all look out into the empty harbor.
LANCEL: Where's our fleet?
TYRION: On the way.
JOFFREY: Why isn't it here now? They're coming.
TYRION does not answer.
JOFFREY: Hound, tell the Hand that his king has asked him a question.
HOUND: The king has asked you a question.
TYRION: Ser Lancel, tell the Hound to tell the king that the Hand is extremely busy. LANCEL: The Hand of the King would like me to tell you to tell the king-
JOFFREY: If I tell the Hound to cut you in half, he'll do it without a second thought.
TYRION: That would make me the quarterman. It just doesn't have the same ring to it. Cut me in half and I won't be able to give the signal. No signal, no plan. No plan and Stannis Baratheon sacks this city, takes the Iron Throne, puts your pinched little head atop a gate somewhere. It might be quite amusing, except that my head would be up there, too. I've never much liked my head, but I don't want to see it removed just yet.
CUT TO: STANNIS'S FLEET
DAVOS: Where are their ships?
MATTHOS: It was wise to attack at night. We took them by surprise.
DAVOS: Lord Varys knows what you had for breakfast three days ago. There are no surprises here.
MATTHOS: If it's true there is dissension in their ranks, maybe their sailors have mutinied.
DAVOS: Maybe.
CUT TO: MAEGOR'S HOLDFAST
CERSEI and TOMMEN join the  highborn ladies.  They walk past SHAE and SANSA.
SANSA: I don't know why she wants me here. She's always saying how stupid I am. She hates me.
SHAE: Maybe she hates you less than she hates everyone else.
SANSA: I doubt it.
SHAE: Maybe she's jealous of you.
SANSA: Why would she be jealous?
CERSEI: Sansa.
SANSA gets up and walks over to her.
CERSEI: I was wondering where our little dove had flown. You look pale, child. Is your red flower still blooming?
SANSA: Yes.
CERSEI: Fitting, isn't it? The men will bleed out there and you will bleed in here. Pour Lady Sansa some wine.
A servant pours the wine. CERSEI hands it to SANSA.
SHAE: I'm not thirsty, Your Grace.
CERSEI: So? I didn't offer you water. What's he doing here?
CERSEI: Ser llyn? He's here to defend us. When the axes smash down those doors, you may be glad to have him.
SANSA: But we have guards to defend us.
CERSEI: Guards we have paid. Should the city fall, they'll be the first ones out of the doors.
A door opens and a gold cloak walks in. He bows to CERSEI.
GOLD CLOACK: The lads caught a groom and two maids trying to sneak away with a stolen horse and some gold cups.
CERSEI: The battle's first traitors. Have Ser llyn see to them. Put their heads on spikes outside the stables as a warning.
He bows and moves to ILYN PAYNE, then exits the chamber.
CERSEI: The only way to keep the small folk loyal is to make certain they fear you more than they do the enemy. Remember that if you ever hope to become a queen.
SANSA: You said he was here to protect us.
CERSEI: He is. Traitors are a danger to us all. More wine.
CUT TO: THE WALL OUTSIDE THE HARBOR
TYRION, JOFFREY, the HOUND and LANCEL look out across the foggy sea.
JOFFREY: There they are.
TYRION: Archers to their marks.
SOLDIER:  Archers, to your marks!
The archers set their bows.
SOLDIER: Archers! Nock your arrows!
SOLDIER #2: Nock arrows!
TYRION: Hold fast.
SOLDIER: Hold fast!
JOFFREY: What are you doing? We need to attack them.
TYRION: Hold fast.
SOLDIER: Boulders ready!
SOLDIER #2: Hold fast!
There is but one ship sailing out of the harbor.
JOFFREY: There's only one ship. Where are the rest of them? Where are the rest of them?
CUT TO: THE BARATHEON FLEET
MATTHOS and DAVOS watch the lone ship approaching
MATTHOS: There's only one ship.
The soldiers get set.
MAN: Nock and set!
DAVOS: Draw! Hold.
MAN: Hold.
They watch the ship sail by. It is unmanned.
DAVOS: (confused) There's no one on board.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR WALL
MAN: More rocks coming up!
HAYLENE climbs the stairs. TYRION looks back at him. HAYLENE lights a torch and hands it to TYRION.
CUT TO: THE BARATHEON FLEET
MAN: Hold.
As the empty ship sails past, DAVOS sees that it is spewing green liquid into the sea behind it
DAVOS: Wildfire. Steer clear! Steer clear!
CUT TO: HARBOR WALL
TYRION throws the torch over the side of the wall. BRONN gets the signal, lights his arrow ablaze and launches it high into the sky.
CUT TO: BARATHEON FLEET   The flaming arrow soars over DAVOS's boat and hits the wildfire in the water, which erupts in green flame. The flames crawl towards the ghost ship.
DAVOS: Matthos! Get down!
A huge explosion. The ghost ship explodes ferociously, overwhelming MATTHOS and many other soldiers. STANNIS recoils from the blast
CUT TO: HARBOR WALL
JOFFREY shields his eyes from the blast. HAYLENE seems pleased. The HOUND is resolute.
CUT TO: HARBOR
BRONN watches the explosions.
CUT TO: BARATHEON FLEET  The explosion engulfs the fleet. Meet scream in agony, devoured in green flame, some jumping overboard. The immensity of the explosion is stunning. Chaos ensues on board as the ships collapse.
CUT TO: HARBOR WALL
TYRION, PODRICK, the HOUND and JOFFREY watch. HAYLENE smiles. TYRION is horrified.
CUT TO: BARATHEON FLEET
STANNIS's ship is unharmed. He gets to his feet and surveys the massive destruction. Men scream, masts collapse.
STANNIS: Prepare to land.
SOLDIER: Your Grace.
STANNIS: The dwarf has played his little trick.
SOLDIER: The wildfire.
STANNIS: He can only play it once.
SOLDIER: We're too far from the gates. The fire, their archers Hundreds will die.
STANNIS: Thousands.
STANNIS descends from the upper deck and addresses his troops.
STANNIS: Come with me and take this city!
The men yell in agreement.
CUT TO: MAEGOR'S HOLDFAST
CERSEI is a bit drunk, and still drinking wine.
CERSEI: Sansa, come here, little dove.
SANSA: My queen. What are you doing? Praying.
CERSEI: You're perfect, aren't you?
SANSA: Praying.
CERSEI: What are you praying for?
SANSA: For the gods to have mercy on us all.
CERSEI: Oh. On all of us?
SANSA: Yes, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Even me?
SANSA: Of course, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Even Joffrey?
SANSA: Joffrey is my
CERSEI: Oh, shut up, you little fool. Praying to the gods to have mercy on us all. The gods have no mercy. That's why they're gods. My father told me that when he caught me praying. My mother had just died, you see. I didn't really understand the concept of death, the finality of it. I thought that if I prayed very, very hard, the gods would return my mother to me. I was four.
SANSA: Your father doesn't believe in the gods?
CERSEI: He believes in them, he just doesn't like them very much.
CERSEI holds out a glass for her servant to fill.
CERSEI: One for her.
The servant pours the wine. She hands it to SANSA.
CERSEI: Here. Sit. Drink.
SANSA sits and takes a sip of wine.
CERSEI:  Not like that. Drink, girl.
SANSA takes a bigger gulp.
CERSEI: I should have been born a man. I'd rather face a thousand swords than be shut up inside with this flock of frightened hens.
SANSA: They are your guests under your protection. You asked them here.
CERSEI:  It was expected of me, as it will be of you if you ever become Joffrey's queen. If my wretched brother should somehow prevail, these hens will return to their cocks and crow of how my courage inspired them, lifted their spirits.
SANSA: And if the city should fall?
CERSEI: You'd like that, wouldn't you? The Red Keep should hold for a time, long enough for me to go to the walls and yield to Lord Stannis in person. If it were anyone else outside those gates, I might have hoped for a private audience, but this is Stannis Baratheon. I'd have a better chance of seducing his horse.
SANSA is speechless.
CERSEI: Have I shocked you, little dove? Tears aren't a woman's only weapon. The best one's between your legs. Learn how to use it. Drink.
They both drink.
CERSEI: Do you have any notion of what happens when a city is sacked? No, you wouldn't, would you? If the city falls, these fine women should be in for a bit of a rape. Half of them will have bastards in their bellies come the morning. You'll be glad of your red flower then. When a man's blood is up, anything with tits looks good. A precious thing like you will look very, very good. A slice of cake just waiting to be eaten.
CERSEI takes a drink, and SANSA joins her, panicking.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR
Landing boats from the ships row towards the shore.
MAN: More pressure! Pull! Pull! That's it, men! Pull! Pull!
CUT TO: THE HARBOR WALL
TYRION: He's a serious man, Stannis Baratheon.
JOFFREY: They're coming. They're coming ashore.
TYRION: Rain fire on them.
MAN: Archers!
JOFFREY: There are too many.
TYRION: Hound, form a welcome party for any Baratheon troop that manages to touch solid ground. Pod, run to the King's Gate. Bring any men guarding it here, now.
PODRICK: Yes, my lord.
CUT TO: BELOW THE HARBOR WALL
HOUND: Let's go. Stannis is sending us fresh meat. You, too.
The HOUND punches LANCEL in chest as he walks past. LANCEL is stunned.
HOUND: Any of these flaming fucking arrows come near me, I'll strangle you with your own guts.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR
MEN: Pull, pull! Go!
CUT TO: THE HARBOR WALL
The archers prepare to fire.
SOLDIER: Nock! Draw!
MEN: Draw!  Draw!
CUT TO: THE HARBOR
STANNIS's men have reached the shore.
MEN: Kill the Lannisters!
CUT TO: THE HARBOR WALL
The archers let their flaming arrows fly.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR
The arrows land as the soldiers rush from the boats to the shore.
MAN: Form the line!
The arrow land. Some hit there mark. Some Baratheon men fall while others pour ashore.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR WALL
MEN:  Draw!  Draw!  Loose! Loose!
The archers release more salvos. STANNIS's forces take heavy casualties, but they do not give up. Yelling, the first of them make it to base of the harbor wall. Above them, Lannister forces drop rocks, which crush the skulls of the unlucky. STANNIS himself gets sprayed with the blood of his bludgeoned soldier. They place their shields above their heads.
STANNIS: To the Mud Gate, go now!
MEN: First and second squads, to the gate! To the Mud Gate!
CUT TO: INSIDE THE HARBOR WALL
The HOUND leads a charge of Lannister men.
HOUND: Any man dies with a clean sword, I'll rape his fucking corpse. He and LANCEL engage with the sieging forces. They each cut down a number of Baratheon men before LANCEL is struck in the chest by an arrow. He stumbles and screams. Panting, he retreats.
INT: MAEGOR'S HOLDFAST   CERSEl: When we were young, Jaime and I, we looked so much alike even our father couldn't tell us apart. I could never understand why they treated us differently. Jaime was taught to fight with sword and lance and mace, and I was taught to smile and sing and please. He was heir to Casterly Rock, and I was sold to some stranger like a horse to be ridden whenever he desired.
SANSA: You were Robert's queen.
CERSEI: And you will be Joffrey's. Enjoy. I don't think I know this one.
CERSEI walks over to SHAE.
CERSEI: Pretty.
SHAE rises and curties.
CERSEI: That's the worst curtsy I've ever seen. Here, it's not difficult. I mastered it when I was four. Straighten your back and bend.
CERSEI demonstrates and SHAE mimics her.
CERSEI: Better. You learn fast. How long have you been in Lady Sansa's service?
SHAE: A few weeks, Your Grace.
CERSEI sits, still a bit drunk.
CERSEI: When did you leave Lorath?
SHAE is confused.
CERSEI: I had a Lorathi handmaiden once.
SHAE: (smiles)
CERSEI: But she was a nobleman's daughter. You're not. When did you come to Westeros?
SHAE: Ten years ago, Your Grace.
CERSEI: From Lorathi commoner to the Red Keep in 10 years, all without learning how to curtsy. I imagine that's a very interesting story. What's your name?
SHAE: Shae, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Tell us a story, Shae.
SHAE: When I was 13, I
A door opens. LANCEL stumbles in past the guards.
LANCEL: Your Grace!
CERSEI: What news?
LANCEL: The Imp has set the river afire. Hundreds of ships are burning, maybe more. Stannis' fleet destroyed, but But But his troops have landed outside the city walls.
CERSEI: Where is Joffrey?
LANCEL: On the battlements with Lord Tyrion.
CERSEI: Bring him back inside at once.
LANCEL: Your Grace
CERSEI: What?
LANCEL: The king's presence is good for morale.
CERSEI: Bring him back to his chambers now.
LANCEL: Not here?
CERSEI: With the women and children? Do you want him to be mocked as a coward for the rest of his life?
LANCEL: No, but I
CERSEI: Now!
LANCEL exits. CERSEI sits, requesting more wine. She turns to SANSA.
CERSEI: When I told you about Ser llyn earlier, I lied. Do you want to hear the truth? You want to know why he's really here? He's here for us. Stannis may take the city, he may take the throne, but he will not take us alive.
SANSA looks at ILYN PAYNE.
EXT: THE HARBOR SHORE
The HOUND decimates his foes as the chaos of battle continues. Both sides take brutal casualties. A flaming man runs screaming towards the HOUND, who is frozen by the horror of the sight. An arrow takes down his assailant. The HOUND looks up to see that he has BRONN to thank.
MAN: Help me!
BRONN quickly dispatches some more Baratheon men with his knife. The HOUND is in a bit of a daze, overwhelmed by the fires, reliving his own trauma. He turns and re-enters the gates. Many of the Lannister forces follow.
MAN: Fall back! Fall back!
CUT TO: STANNIS ON THE HARBOR SHORE
Stannis continues to be trapped under his shield at the base of the wall.
STANNIS: Get the ladders up!
His forces bring ladders to the wall. They set them, and STANNIS begins to climb, dodging rocks. He makes it to the top and engages with the Lannister forces atop the wall.
CUT TO: COURTYARD BEHIND THE HARBOR WALL
MAN: Faster, you bastards! Faster! Come on, kill the scum!
The HOUND is still in a daze.
HOUND: Someone bring me a drink.
A soldier hands him a skin. He drinks and spits it out.
HOUND: Fuck the water. Bring me wine.
Another soldier gives him wine, and he drinks deeply. He shuffles though the courtyard, passing TYRION
TYRION: Can I get you some iced milk and a nice bowl of raspberries, too?
HOUND: Eat shit, dwarf.
TYRION: You're on the wrong side of the wall.
HOUND: I lost half my men. The Blackwater's on fire.
JOFFREY: Dog, I command you to go back out there and fight.
The HOUND looks down, defeated.
TYRION: You're Kingsguard, Clegane. You must beat them back or they're going to take this city. Your king's city.
HOUND: Fuck the Kingsguard. Fuck the city. Fuck the king.
The HOUND exits.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR
More boats come ashore. The soldiers overturn the boat to use it as protection from the arrows.
MAN:  Loose!
MAN #2: Put your backs into it!
MAN #3: All right, get up!
MAN: Loose!
MAN #2: Clear!
MAN #3: Forward!
MAN: Loose!
While the overturned boat makes slow progress, another group of men with a battering ram overtakes them and reaches the wall.
MAN: Forward ladders!
Another ladder is raised against the wall. The boat is placed over the ram. Meanwhile, men are crushed by thrown rocks.
MEN: Heave! Heave!
CUT TO: BEHIND THE WALL
LANCEL runs to join the royal group.
LANCEL: Your Grace, the queen has sent me to bring you back to the Red Keep.
TYRION: If you won't defend your own city, why should they?
JOFFREY: What would you have me do?
TYRION: Lead. Get down there and lead your people against the invaders who want to kill them.
JOFFREY: What did my mother say exactly? Did she have urgent business with me?
LANCEL: She did not say, Your Grace.
JOFFREY hesistates.
MAN: All men to the battlements!
JOFFREY: Ser Boros, Ser Mandon, stay with my uncle and represent the king on the field of battle.
MANDON: (nods)
MAN: Archers, hold your line or I'll kill you myself.
JOFFREY and LANCEL exit. A bundle of stones is mismanaged at the top of the wall, and it comes crashing down.
MAN: Stand fast!
MAN #2: No! Get up, you fool.
MAN #3: We need more arrows!
The Lannister men gather in the courtyard, looking for direction.
MAN: Where is the king?  Why isn't he with us?
MAN #2: Who are we fighting for?
MAN #3: Who leads us?
PODRICK ascends the stairs to TYRION
TYRION: I'll lead the attack. I'll lead the attack!
MAN: Yes.
MAN #2:  What are you talking about?
TYRION: Pod, my helmet. Ser Mandon, you will bear the king's banner. Men, form up. Men Men! They say I'm half a man. But what does that make the lot of you?
MAN: The only way out is through the gates. And they're at the gates.
TYRION: There's another way out. I'm going to show you. We'll come out behind them and fuck them in their arses.
CUT TO: BASE OF THE HARBOR WALL
The battering ram pounds relentlessly into the wooden door.
MEN: Heave! Heave!
CUT TO: BEHIND THE WALL
TYRION: Don't fight for your king and don't fight for his kingdoms. Don't fight for honor. Don't fight for glory. Don't fight for riches, because you won't get any. This is your city Stannis means to sack. That's your gate he's ramming. If he gets in, it will be your houses he burns, your gold he steals, your women he will rape.
CUT TO: BASE OF THE HARBOR WALL
The battering ram is making progress.
MEN: Heave! Heave! Heave!
CUT TO: BEHIND THE WALL
TYRION: Those are brave men knocking at our door. Let's go kill them.
The Lannister forces raise their swords and shout in support. TYRION strides off, and they follow.
CUT TO: MAEGOR'S HOLDFAST
CERSEI and TOMMEN sit. LANCEL reports.
LANCEL: The battle is lost, Your Grace. Stannis' troops are at the gates. When the gold cloaks saw the king leaving, they lost all heart.
CERSEI: Where is my son?
LANCEL: I want to escort him back to the battle.
CERSEI: Why do I care what you want?  Bring me
LANCEL: Now listen to me
Enraged, CERSEI leaps up and stabs LANCEL, who falls to ground, writhing and screaming in pain. She walks over him, and exits with LANCEL. The women begin to panic.
SANSA:  Don't be afraid. The queen has raised the drawbridge. This is the safest place we can be. Joffrey's not hurt. He's fighting bravely. His knights have rallied behind him. They will save the city. Shall we sing a hymn? Gentle mother, fount of mercy...
ALL: Save our sons from war, we pray
SHAE grabs SANSA from behind, startling her.
SHAE: You must go. Run to your chamber and bar your door. Stannis won't hurt you. This one will.
SHAE indicates ILYN PAYNE, who stands guard.
SANSA: Come with me.
SHAE: I need to say goodbye to someone.
SANSA: The queen said they'd rape everyone.
SHAE: No one is raping me.
SHAE reveals a dagger bound her her calf, beneath he dress.
SHAE: Go. Run.
SANSA turns and exits qucikly.
CUT TO: SANSA'S CHAMBERS
SANSA moves fleetly through the corridor. She enters her chambers and bolts the door. She picks up a doll.
HOUND: The lady is starting to panic.
She turns around in fright to find the HOUND sitting quietly in the corner.
SANSA: What are you doing here?
HOUND: Not here for long. I'm going.
SANSA:  Where?
HOUND: Someplace that isn't burning. North, might be. Could be.
SANSA: What about the king?
HOUND: He can die just fine on his own.
The HOUND takes a drink.
HOUND: I can take you with me. Take you to Winterfell.
The HOUND stands.
HOUND: I'll keep you safe. Do you want to go home?
SANSA: I'll be safe here. Stannis won't hurt me.
The HOUND stumbles forward. SANSA whispers.
HOUND: Look at me. Stannis is a killer. The Lannisters are killers. Your father was a killer. Your brother is a killer. Your sons will be killers someday. The world is built by killers. So you'd better get used to looking at them.
SANSA: You won't hurt me.
HOUND: No, little bird, I won't hurt you.
The HOUND turns and unlocks the door. SANSA considers whether to join him.
CUT TO: THE SEWERS
TYRION uses his axe to remove the chain from the sewer's gate. He steps out onto the shore and the Lannister men follow quietly.
CUT TO: BASE OF THE HARBOR WALL
The battle rages. The ram has made further progress. Flaming arrows still rain down.
MEN: Heave!
MAN: Come on, you bastards! Get up those ladders!
TYRION comes up behind the man and slices his ankle wide open. He falls and Tyrion lands another heavy blow, blood spurting. He then rallies his men forward, coming behind the Baratheon forces.
TYRION: Attack!
Their surprise attack is successful, and they quickly dispatch the vulnerable men.
MEN:  Roll it over!
They overturn the boat, and someone above drops a torch inside to set it aflame. They all celebrate with a resounding cheer.
ALL: Halfman! Halfman! Halfman!
TYRION turns around to see a host of soldiers coming upon them from the short. The battle begins again.
TYRION: Oh, fuck me.
CUT TO: ATOP THE WALL
STANNIS continues to wage brutal war agains the Lannister men atop the wall
CUT TO: BASE OF THE HARBOR WALL
TYRION battles a soldier with a mace. The soldier gains the advantage, but is then tackled by one of TYRION's men. He smiles, while a Baratheon knight notices him and walks forward. He swings his sword at TYRION, and slices open his cheek. TYRION reels. Suddenly, a spear pierces the knight's face. He falls to reveal PODRICK wielding the fatal weapon. TYRION goes into shock, and PODRICK catches him
CUT TO: THE THRONE ROOM
CERSEI and TOMMEN sit in the dark on the iron throne.
CERSEI: Shh! Be calm, my sweet.
TOMMEN: They're still fighting.
CERSEI: No one's going to hurt you. I'll tell you a story. You know the one about the mother lion and her little cub? They lived in the woods.
TOMMEN: The Kingswood?
CERSEI: Yes, my love. In the Kingswood, there lived a mother and her cub. She loved him very much. But there were other things that lived in the woods. Evil things.
TOMMEN: Like what?
CERSEI: Like stags.
TOMMEN: Stags aren't evil. They only eat grass.
CERSEI: And wolves.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR SHORE
PODRICK holds TYRION, who remains in shock.
PODRICK: My lord.
Another wave of soldiers approaches from the shore. Some are mounted.    CERSEl: He could hear them howling in the night. The little cub was frightened. His mother said, "You are a lion, my son. You mustn't be afraid.
Stannis looks down from his perch. The mounted soldiers attack.
CUT TO: THE THRONE ROOM
CERSEI: "For one day, all the beasts will bow to you. "You will be king. "All the stags will bow. All the wolves will bow. "The bears in the north and the foxes of the south, "all the birds in the sky and the beasts in the sea, "they will all come to you, little lion, "to rest a crown upon your head.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR SHORE
The battle rages. The mounted soldiers have the advantage.
CUT TO: THE THRONE ROOM
CERSEI: " And the cub said, "Will I be strong and fierce like my father?"
CERSEI uncorks the vial she holds.
CERSEI: "Yes," said his mother. "You will be strong and fierce just like your father.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR SHORE
TYRION passes out
CUT TO: THE THRONE ROOM
CERSEI presents the vial for TOMMEN to drink.
CERSEI: " I will keep you safe, my love. I promise you.
The chamber door burst open and CERSEI and TOMMEN stand. Soldiers march in. LORAS TYRELL takes off his helmet.
CUT TO: THE HARBOR SHORE
The Baratheon forces are in retreat.
MAN: Back to the boats!
STANNIS: Stand and fight! Stand and fight, damn you!
Men grab STANNIS and restrain him.
STANNIS: No!
CUT TO: THE THRONE ROOM
TYWIN enters
CERSEI: Father.
She drops the vial, spilling its deadly contents. The vial shatters.
TYWIN: The battle is over. We have won.
CERSEI: (cries)
CREDITS
MALE SINGER: "And who are you," the proud lord said "That I must bow so low?" "Only a cat of a different coat "That's all the truth I know "In a coat of gold or a coat of red "A lion still has claws "And mine are long and sharp, my lord "As long and sharp as yours" And so he spoke, and so he spoke That Lord of Castamere But now the rains weep o'er his hall With no one there to hear Yes, now the rains weep o'er his hall And not a soul to hear
INT: KING'S LANDING
TYRION wakes to echos of the sounds of battle. PYCELLE's face comes into focus. TYRION's head is crudely bandaged, with only one eye revealed. He is disoriented.
TYRION: Pod.
PODRICK bursts into the room
TYRION: Pod! Find Bronn or Varys. Tell them I am here with Maester Pycelle. Tell them I am very much alive.
PODRICK: Yes, my lord.
PYCELLE: Would you like something for the pain?
TYRION: What happened?
PYCELLE: The murderer and traitor Stannis Baratheon suffered a stunning defeat at the hands of your father.
TYRION: Where am I?
PYCELLE: These are your new chambers. A little cramped, perhaps, but you don't need much room, do you? You are no longer Hand of the King.
PYCELLE turns and begins to leave. A thought occurs to him. He takes out a coin and flicks it to Tyrion
PYCELLE: Oh, For your trouble.
Pycelle exits.
CUT TO : THRONE ROOM
A white horse expels manure at the doorway leading to the throne room. TYWIN rides the horse in, through the gathered crowd.  From his throne, JOFFREY addresses the room.
JOFFREY: I, Joffrey of the House Baratheon, first of my name, the rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm, do hereby proclaim my grandfather, Tywin Lannister, the savior of the city and the Hand of the King.
Bowing, a page presents a pillow to JOFFREY, who places the Hand's brooch up to TYWIN. TYWIN bows.
TYWIN: Thank you, Your Grace.
He turns his mount and exits.
JOFFREY: Lord Petyr Baelish, step forward.
LITTLEFINGER steps forward and kneels before JOFFREY.
JOFFREY: For your good service and ingenuity in uniting the Houses of Lannister and Tyrell, I declare that you shall be granted the castle of Harrenhal with all its attendant lands and incomes to be held by your sons and grandsons from this day until the end of time.
LITTLEFINGER: You honor me beyond words, Your Grace. I shall have to acquire some sons and grandsons.  The crowd laughs
JOFFREY: Ser Loras Tyrell.
LORAS steps forward from the crowd and kneels.
JOFFFREY: Your house has come to our aid. The whole realm is in your debt, none more so than I. If your family would ask anything of me, ask it, and it shall be yours.
LORAS: Your Grace, my sister Margaery, her husband was taken from us before . . . She remains innocent. I would ask you to find it in your heart to do us the great honor of joining our houses.
JOFFREY: Is this what you want, Lady Margaery?
MARGAERY takes a few steps forward.
MARGAERY: With all my heart, Your Grace. I have come to love you from afar. Tales of your courage and wisdom have never been far from my ears. And those tales have taken root deep inside of me.
JOFFREY: I, too, have heard tales of your beauty and grace, but the tales do not do you justice, my lady. It would be an honor to return your love, but I am promised to another. A king must keep his word.
CERSEI: Your Grace, in the judgment of your Small Council, it would be neither proper nor wise for you to wed the daughter of a man beheaded for treason, a girl whose brother is in open rebellion against the throne as we speak. For the good of the realm, your councilors beg you to set Sansa Stark aside.
The crowd murmurs.
CROWD: Margaery! We want Margaery!
JOFFREY stands and gestures to quiet the crowd.
JOFFREY: I would like to heed your wishes and the wishes of my people, but I took a holy vow.
PYCELLE: Your Grace, the gods do indeed hold betrothal solemn, but your father, blessed be his memory, made this pact before the Starks revealed their falseness. I have consulted with the High Septon and he assures me that their crimes against the realm free you from any promise you have made to them in the sight of the gods.
CERSEI looks across to SANSA. CERSEI is pleased and SANSA is quite worried.
JOFFREY: The gods are good. I am free to heed my heart. Ser Loras, I will gladly wed your sweet sister. You will be my queen and I will love you from this day until my last day.
The crowd applauds.
SANSA walks away, quite solemn. Once she is out of view, she smiles and laughs in relief. LITTLEFINGER catches up to her.
LITTLEFINGER: My lady. My sincerest condolences.
SANSA: They're right. I'm not good enough for him.
LITTLEFINGER: You shouldn't say that. You'll be good enough for many things. He'll still enjoy beating you. And now that you're a woman, he'll be able to enjoy you in other ways as well.
SANSA: But, if he's not marrying me
LITTLEFINGER: He'll let you go home? Joffrey's not the sort of boy who gives away his toys. You have a tender heart, just like your mother did at your age. I can see so much of her in you. She was like a sister to me. For her sake, I'll help get you home.
SANSA: King's Landing is my home now.
LITTLEFINGER: Look around you. We're all liars here. And every one of us is better than you.
CUT TO : BROTHEL
ROS applies make-up to her eye. There is a knock on the door. ROS stands up to welcome her client.
ROS: Come in. Make yourself comfortable.
A hooded figure walks in, silently. He sits on the end of the bed.
ROS: That doesn't look very comfortable. Here, watch me.
The man removes his hood. It is VARYS.
VARYS: No need for that, my dear.
ROS: You sure? Most men like what they see.
VARYS: I'm not like most men.
ROS: That's what most men say.
VARYS: (laughs)
ROS: If you don't want what most men want, then you'd better tell me what you'd like me to do.
VARYS: I would like you to tell me if working for Lord Baelish has been all you'd hoped it would be.
ROS: Have we met?
VARYS: You wouldn't remember me if we had?
ROS: I meet a lot of men.
VARYS: And I think you remember all of them. I think your true talents are wasted on them.
ROS: You're very kind, my lord. Allow me to return the favor.
ROS reaches to fondle his cock, but finds that VARYS is a eunuch. She is taken aback, and steps backward.
VARYS: You're afraid. Why? Nothing dangerous down there.
ROS: I know who you are.
VARYS: And, unlike your current employer, I protect those who work for me. I don't abuse them to satisfy royal whims or force them to abuse each other.
ROS: How do you know about that?
VARYS:  I thought you said you knew who I was.
ROS: What can I do for you, Lord Varys?
VARYS: Littlefinger looks at you and sees a collection of profitable holes. I see a potential partner.
ROS: I'm afraid of him.
VARYS: Oh, you should be. He's a dangerous man. But everyone has their weaknesses. Your current employer hides his very well, but not as well as he thinks.
EXT: WESTERLANDS SHORE
BRIENNE pulls the boat up to the shore. JAIME waits, his hands chained.
JAIME: You're a virgin, I take it?
Annoyed, BRIENNE pushes him forward. He walks and she follows.
BRIENNE: Walk.
JAIME: Childhood must have been awful for you. Were you a foot taller than all the boys? They laughed at you, called you names? Some boys like a challenge. One or two must have tried to get inside Big Brienne.
BRIENNE: One or two tried.
JAIME: Ah. But you fought them off. But maybe you wished one of them could overpower you, fling you down, tear off your clothes. But none of them were strong enough. I'm strong enough.
BRIENNE:  Not interested.
JAIME: Of course you are. You'd love to know what it feels like to be a woman.
They encounter three hanged women in the trees.
JAIME: Ah. "They lay with lions." Tavern girls, I'd say. Probably served my father's soldiers. Maybe one of them gave up a kiss and a feel. That's how they earned this. The glorious work of the Northern freedom fighters. Must make you proud to serve the Starks.
BRIENNE: I don't serve the Starks. I serve Lady Catelyn.
JAIME: Tell yourself that tonight when they swing in your dreams.
BRIENNE pushes him roughly below the bodies, finally pinning him against a tree, and tying him fast against it.
JAIME: What are you doing?
BRIENNE: Burying them.
JAIME: We shouldn't stay here. We should get back on the river.
BRIENNE: I think these women would understand if I don't care what you think.
Some men approach
MAN: I didn't leave it here.
MAN #2: I had me dagger.
JAIME, nervously, gesters to BRIENNE.
JAIME: Untie me. Now!
MAN: I gave it to you to cut the rope, and now I don't have me dagger no more.
Three men approach, in leather armor and bearing swords.
MAN: So unless it got stuck in your arse on its way to your cunt, it stands to reason that it's gone. Whoa. What's your business here?
BRIENNE: Traveling a prisoner.
The three men laugh hysterically
MAN #2: Well, fuck me!
BRIENNE: If you've quite finished up
The men laugh even harder.
BRIENNE: All right, we'll be going.
She turns to take care of JAIME.
MAN: Whoa. Whoa! Who do you fight for?
BRIENNE: The Starks.
MAN #2: What did he do?
JAIME: Apparently eating is now a crime. Who knew?
BRIENNE: No, stealing is a crime.
JAIME: But it's not a crime to starve. That's justice for you.
MAN: Where are you taking him?
BRIENNE: To Riverrun.
MAN #2: Why Riverrun?
BRIENNE works to unbind JAIME from the tree.
BRIENNE: Steal from the Tullys, it's their dungeons you rot in.
MAN #2: Why not kill him?
JAIME: For stealing a pig?
BRIENNE: I don't give the orders. He must be important to someone.
MAN: Sending him with you? How important could he be?
BRIENNE does not answer.
MAN: All right, have it your way, my lady.
MAN #2 moves closer.
MAN #2: Do I know you?
JAIME: Have you been to Ashemark?
MAN #2: No.
JAIME: Then you don't know me.
MAN #2: Do you ever go to the river market at Salt Rock?
JAIME: Is it near Ashemark?
MAN #2: No.
JAIME: I've never been there.
BRIENNE frees him from the tree, and she and JAIME start to walk away.
MAN: What do you think of these beauties?
BRIENNE: I hope you gave them quick deaths.
MAN: Two of them we did, yeah.
MAN #2: Wait. I do know you. That's Jaime Lannister.
JAIME: I wish someone had told me. I wouldn't have had to steal that pig.
BRIENNE: If this is the Kingslayer, I think I'd know about it.
MAN: How do you know what the Kingslayer looks like?
MAN #2: I was at Whispering Wood. I saw him. They dragged him out of the woods and threw him down before the king.
BRIENNE: He's not the Kingslayer. Sorry to disappoint you. If he was, I'd only be traveling his head.
Again, they try to move along.
MAN: I have a question for you both. And I want you to answer it at the same time. I count to three, you both answer. What's his name? One. Two. Three.
BRIENNE pushes JAIME aside, draws her sword, and sets on the men, visciously. JAIME is surprised at her prowess in battle. She bests them all, and turns to MAN, who lies on the forest floor. She drops her long sword and draws her short sword.
BRIENNE: Two quick deaths.
She stabs the MEN in the gut, painfully. She plunges deeper, and the MAN dies. She withdraws her sword and steps away.
JAIME: Those were Stark men.
BRIENNE: I don't serve the Starks. I serve Lady Catelyn. I told you I'd take you to King's Landing, and that's what I'm going to do. Stay.
BRIENNE turns and chops the rope that holds the three women's corpses with a large grunt. JAIME winces as the bodies thud to the ground.
INT: RIVERLANDS AT NIGHT.
ROBB sits in his tent. Catelyn sits as well.
CATELYN: Walder Frey is a dangerous man to cross.
ROBB: I know that.
CATELYN: And you mean to do it anyway?
ROBB: I love her.
CATELYN: I know that seems important to you.
ROBB: It is important to me.
CATELYN: Your father didn't love me when we married. He hardly knew me or I him. Love didn't just happen to us. We built it slowly over the years, stone by stone, for you, for your brothers and sisters, for all of us. It's not as exciting as secret passion in the woods, but it is stronger. It lasts longer.
ROBB: And that is what would be in store for me with one of Walder Frey's daughters,  what you and father had?
CATELYN: Why not? Because she's not beautiful? Because she's not exotic and exciting?
ROBB: Now you're arguing just to argue because you arranged it.
CATELYN: And you agreed to it. You gave him your word. Treat your oaths recklessly, and your people will do the same. If your father lived his life for one thing
ROBB: My father is dead. And the only parent I have left has no right to call anyone reckless.
Robb exits.
INT: BARATHEON WAR CAMP AT NIGHT
STANNIS sits by a hearth.
STANNIS: You said you saw my victory in the flames.
MELISANDRE: l I did. I still see it.
STANNIS:  The flames lied. And I'm no better than a savage trusting in a fire god. I fought for your god in Blackwater Bay. I led my men to the gates of the seventh hell as their brothers burned alive, and for what? Attacked from behind by Tywin Lannister and the Tyrells. If you see so much in your flames, why didn't you warn me?
MELISANDRE: The Lord of Light only allows me glimpses.
STANNIS: You claimed to speak for a god.
MELISANDRE: Will you quit the war just because you've lost a battle?
STANNIS: You talk about war as if you understand it.
MELISANDRE: I've been fighting far longer than you.
STANNIS: Have you? Show me how you fight.
STANNIS leaps to his feet and starts choking MELISANDRE. She gasps painfully, grabbing his hands.
STANNIS: Show me.
MELISANDRE removes her hands from his and raises them in surrender.
STANNIS: Where's your god now? Will he save you? Where is your god?
MELISANDRE: Inside you.
STANNIS releases her suddenly and MELISANDRE falls to the follow, panting.
STANNIS: I murdered my brother.
MELISANDRE walks over to STANNIS.
MELISANDRE: We murdered him. Share the weight with me.
STANNIS: He wasn't your brother.
MELISANDRE caresses his head, soothingly.
MELISANDRE: This war has just begun. It will last for years. Thousands will die at your command. You will betray the men serving you. You will betray your family. You will betray everything you once held dear. And it will all be worth it because you are the Son of Fire. You are the Warrior of Light. You will sweep aside this pretender and that one. You will be king.
STANNIS: You promise these things, but you don't know. None of us know.
MELISANDRE: Let me show you.
She leads him over to the fire.
MELISANDRE: Look into the fire, my king. Look.
STANNIS:  I see fire.
MELISANDRE: Keep looking. Do you see? Do you see, my king?
STANNIS stares into the fire. His eyes grow wide and his face softens. MELISANDRE rests her head on his shoulder. Stannis: Yes.
INT: WINTERFELL
THEON throws another log onto his fire, and sits before it, frustrated. A lone horn blows outside the gates of Winterfell.
THEON: I will kill that man. I don't care how many arrows they feather me with, how many spears they run through me, I will kill that horn-blowing cunt before I fall.
LUWIN: They want you to know you're surrounded.
THEON: I know I'm surrounded. I know that because I stood on the battlements and saw I was surrounded.
LUWIN: They don't want you to sleep. They want to sap your spirit before
THEON: Thank you, wise bald man. Thank you for explaining siege tactics to me.
The horn continues.
THEON: No word from my father?
LUWIN: No.
LUWIN crosses the room, and rests.
THEON: Send more ravens.
LUWIN: You killed all the ravens.
THEON: The first time I saw Winterfell
The horn blows again. THEON rolls his eyes in anger.
THEON: First time I saw Winterfell, it looked like something that had been here for thousands of years and would be here for thousands of years after I was dead. I saw it and I thought, "Of course, Ned Stark crushed our rebellion and killed my brothers. "We never stood a chance against the man who lives here."
LUWIN: Lord Stark went out of his way to make it your home.
THEON: Yes, my captors were so very kind to me. You love reminding me of that. Everyone in this frozen pile of shit has always loved reminding me of that. You know what it's like to be told how lucky you are to be someone's prisoner? To be told how much you owe them? And then to go back home to your real father
The horn sounds again. THEON gets up in a fury. He shakes his fist at the window.
THEON: I will kill that man. I swear to the Drowned God, the Old Gods, the New Gods, to every fucking god in every fucking heaven, I will kill that man.
LUWIN: Theon, listen to me. I serve Winterfell. Now Winterfell is yours. I'm bound by oath to serve you.
THEON: And what's your counsel, trusted friend?
LUWIN: Run.
LUWIN: Five hundred Northmen wait outside the walls. You have 20 men. You can't win. Wait for nightfall and run.
THEON: There's nowhere to run. I'd never make it back to the Iron Islands. And even if I did, even if by some miracle I slipped through the lines and made it home, I'd be a coward. The Greyjoy who ran. The shame of the family.
THEON sits again.
LUWIN: Don't go home. Join the Night's Watch.
LUWIN leans over THEON's shoulder.
LUWIN: Once a man has taken the black, he's beyond reach of the law. All his past crimes are forgiven.
THEON: I won't make it to the Wall. I won't make it 10 feet past the Winterfell gates.
LUWIN: There are ways. Hidden passageways built so the Lords of Winterfell could escape. The road will be dangerous. But with a little luck...
LUWIN faces THEON
LUWIN: The Night's Watch is an ancient, honorable order. You'll have opportunities there.
THOEN rises.
THEON: The opportunity for Jon Snow to cut my throat in my sleep.
LUWIN: The opportunity to make amends for what you've done.
THEON: I've done a lot, haven't I? Things I never imagined myself doing.
LUWIN: I've known you many years, Theon Greyjoy. You're not the man you're pretending to be. Not yet.
THEON: You may be right. But I've gone too far to pretend to be anything else.
LUWIN comforts him with a gentle pat on the shoulder.
EXT: WINTERFELL, THE NEXT MORNING
THEON stands in the Winterfell courtyard, addressing his men.
THEON: You hear that? That's the mating call of the Northmen. They want to fuck us. Well, I haven't had a good fuck in weeks. I'm ready for one.
The ironborn men laugh.
THEON: They say every ironborn man is worth a dozen from the mainland.
MEN: Aye!
THEON: You think they're right?
BLACK LORREN: Aye.
THEON: We die today, brothers. We die bleeding from 100 wounds with arrows in our necks and spears in our guts, but our war cries will echo through eternity. They will sing about the battle of Winterfell until the Iron Islands have slipped beneath the waves. Every man, woman and child will know who we were and how long we stood. Aggar and Gelmarr, Wex and Urzen, Stygg and Black Lorren. Ironborn warriors will cry out our names as they leap onto the shores of Seagard and Faircastle.
MEN: Aye!
THEON: Mothers will name their sons for us.
MEN: Aye!
THEON: Girls will think of us with their lovers inside them.
MEN: Aye!
THEON: And whoever kills that fucking horn-blower will stand in bronze above the shores of Pyke!
MEN: Aye!
THEON: What is dead may never die!
MEN: What is dead may never die!
DAGMER hits THEON on the back of the head, knocking him unconscious. The ironborn watch him fall.
BLACK LORREN: Thought he'd never shut up.
DAGMER: It was a good speech. Didn't want to interrupt.
A man placed a hood over THEON's head.
LUWIN enters.
LUWIN: What is this? What are you doing?
DAGMER stabs LUWIN in the gut with his spear. LUWIN crumbles to the ground, groaning in sharp pain.
DAGMER: Let's go home.
MAN: Come on.
DAGMER and the ironborn exit, dragging THEON with them. LUWIN collapses.
INT: TYRION'S CHAMBERS
TYRION sits in bed, his face still bandaged
TYRION: Why should I believe you?
VARYS: Why would I lie about it?
TYRION: To create strife between my sister and me.
VARYS: Where before there was nothing but love. Ser Mandon Moore tried to kill you on your sister's orders. If it weren't for your squire's bravery, you'd be a dead man.
TYRION: Pod.
PODRICK: Yes, my lord?
TYRION: Would it be excessive of me to ask you to save my life twice in a week?
PODRICK: No, my lord.
TYRION: You're a good lad. Get Bronn, tell him I want four of his most loyal gold cloaks outside my door at all times.
PODRICK: (nods)
VARYS: I'm afraid your friend has been relieved of his command of the City Watch. The gold cloaks are now firmly in the hands of your father or your sister. It varies from cloak to cloak.
TYRION: Then my hill tribesmen.
VARYS: Have gone home. Your father paid them quite handsomely. I'm afraid we won't be seeing each other for some time, my lord.
TYRION: Don't want to swim too close to a drowning man? And I thought we were friends.
VARYS: We are. Podrick, would you mind?
PODRICK opens the door and SHAE enters briskly. She comes to TYRION's side and sits.
VARYS: There are many who know that without you this city faced certain defeat. The king won't give you any honors, the histories won't mention you, but we will not forget.
VARYS bows.
VARYS: Come along now, Podrick.
VARYS and PODRICK exit.
SHAE: My love.
TYRION: It was good of you to come.
SHAE: Good of me? Of course I come.
SHAE reaches to adjust TYRION's bandages, but he prevents her.
SHAE: I want to see you.
TYRION: Believe me, you don't.
SHAE: Have you looked?
TYRION: (shakes his head)
SHAE: I will be the first.
She removes the bandages. They stick to the deep wound across TYRION's cheek. He grunts in pain. SHAE takes in the wreck of his cheek.
TYRION: Well?
SHAE: You are a mess.
TYRION: I'm a monster as well as a dwarf. You should charge me double.
SHAE:  You think I'm here for money?
TYRION: That was the arrangement we made. I pay you and you lie to me.
SHAE: Oh. I'm a poor little rich man and nobody loves me, so I make jokes all the time and pay them to laugh. Fuck your money. Let's leave.
TYRION: Leave?
SHAE:  Leave King's Landing. They tried to kill you. They will try again. Going into wars, fighting soldiers, you're terrible at this. Let's take a boat to Pentos and never come back. You don't belong here.
TYRION: What would we do in Pentos?
SHAE: Eat, drink, fuck, live.
TYRION: I want to go with you.
SHAE: So do it. Your father, your sister, all these bad people, they can't stop you. Forget about them. Come with me.
TYRION: I can't. I do belong here. These bad people are what I'm good at. Outtalking them, outthinking them. It's what I am. And I like it. I like it more than anything I've ever done. Are you going to leave?
SHAE: You have a shit memory. I am yours and you are mine.
TYRION bursts into tears. SHAE envelops him in her arms. TYRION holds her as well.
EXT: THE RIVERLANDS
A SEPTON marries ROBB and TALISA to one another.
SEPTON: In the sight of the Seven, I hereby seal these two souls, binding them as one for eternity. Look upon one another and say the words.
ROBB: Father, smith, warrior, mother ,maiden, crone, stranger.
TALISA: Father, smith, warrior, mother ,maiden, crone, stranger.
ROBB: I am hers and she is mine from this day until the end of my days.
TALISA: I am his and he is mine from this day until the end of my days.
They kiss.
EXT: QARTH
DAENERYS, JORAH and KOVARRO walk through a garden. It is known.
KOVARRO: (dothraki) A house of ghosts, Khaleesi.
They come to the base of the House of the Undying.
KOVARRO: Where are the guards?
JORAH: No guards. The warlocks kill with sorcery, not steel.
DAENERYS: Let them try.
They ascend the first flight of stairs, and gaze up to the top of the tower. They cannot find an entrance.
DAENERYS: Is this a riddle?
They circle the base. DAENERYS disappears from JORAH's view. He encounters KOVARRO instead.
JORAH: Khaleesi! Khaleesi!
CUT TO: INTERIOR OF THE HOUSE OF THE UNDYING
DAENERYS stands in darkness. She picks up a torch from the wall.
DAENERYS: Are you trying to frighten me with magic tricks? You want me? Here I am. Are you afraid of a little girl?
A dragon screeches. DAENERYS follows the sound up a stairwell.
EXT: SHADOWLANDS
ARYA, GENDRY and HOT PIE trek through the Shadowlands. High above them, JAQEN stands atop a steep cliff.
HOT PIE: How did he find us?
As they pass to the other side of the cliff, JAQEN disappears. Suddenly, he is at ground level, next to ARYA.
ARYA: What are you doing here?
JAQEN: Waiting for you.
ARYA: How did you know we'd come this way?
They begin to walk.
JAQEN: After all the things you have seen, this is your question?
ARYA: How did you kill those guards? Was it hard?
JAQEN: No harder than taking a new name, if you know the way. Show me how. I want to be able to do it, too.
JAQEN: If you would learn, you must come with me.
ARYA: Where?
JAQEN: Far and away across the Narrow Sea to Braavos.
ARYA: My dancing master was from Braavos.
JAQEN: To be a dancing master is a special thing, but to be a faceless man, that is something else entirely. The girl has many names on her lips. Joffrey, Cersei, Tywin Lannister, llyn Payne, the Hound. Names to offer up to the Red God. She could offer them all one by one.
ARYA: I want to. But I can't. I need to find my brother and mother. And my sister. I need to find her, too.
JAQEN: Then we must part. A man has duties as well. Here.
He offers a coin.
ARYA: What is it?
JAQEN: A coin of great value.
ARYA: Could it buy a horse?
JAQEN: It is not meant for the buying of horses.
ARYA: Then what good is it?
JAQEN: If the day comes when you must find me again, just give that coin to any man from Braavos and say these words to him, "Valar Morghulis."
ARYA: Valar Morghulis.
JAQEN begins to walk away
ARYA: Please don't go, Jaqen.
JAQEN: Jaqen is dead. Say it again. Valar Morghulis.
ARYA: Valar Morghulis.
JAQEN: Good.
JAQEN turns away and touches his hand to his face. When he turns back, his face has changed completely.
JAQEN: Farewell, Arya Stark.
JAQEN exits.
EXT: WINTERFELL
OSHA, BRAN, HODOR and RICKON leave their hiding place and enter the courtyard.
BRAN: Osha, what are you doing?
They walk through the smouldering courtyard, among bodies and wreckage. They spy Summer and Shaggydog, whimpering in an alcove. BRAN commands HODOR to bring him that way.
EXT: THE GODSWOOD OF WINTERFELL
LUWIN lays by the godswood, dying. HODOR, BRAN, OSHA and RICKON walk toward him. Rickon starts to run, and OSHA cannot catch him. LUWIN reaches out, happy to see him and BRAN. RICKON notices the great bloodstain on LUWIN's shirt.
BRAN: Tell us what medicine to get from your chambers.
RICKON: We'll make you better. LUWIN I feel just fine.
RICKON: (cries)
BRAN: They burned it down. They burned everything.
LUWIN: Not everything. Not you. But they may come back. You have to go. Put on your warmest clothes. Pack as much food as you can carry and go north.
OSHA: North's the wrong way. And mother and brother are south. We don't know where.
LUWIN: There are too many enemies in the south. Go to the Wall, to Jon. He'll look after you and let your mother know you're safe.
BRAN: I don't want to leave you.
LUWIN: No more than I want to leave you. I pulled you into the world. Both of you. I've seen both your faces almost every day since. And for that, I consider myself very, very lucky. Go now with Hodor. Go on. I'll be right here.
The four of them get up to leave, but OSHA steps back.
LUWIN: Osha. You must protect them. You're the only one who can. You may have to protect them against your own kind.
OSHA: I've got no great love for my own kind. I'll get you milk of the poppy. Tell me where to find it. LUWIN I don't want milk of the poppy.
OSHA shows LUWIN her knife, and he nods his asent.
LUWIN: Do it quickly.
OSHA draws her blade while looking LUWIN in the eyes.
EXT:  WINTERFELL
Summer and Shaggydog walk across the fields. OSHA, RICKON, HODOR and BRAN follow. BRAN is in a cart. Behind them, Winterfell burns.
INT: HOUSE OF THE UNDYING
DAENERYS continues to search for her dragons. She follows the sound of their screeching through a door. She looks down into a pit before trying a door on the opposite side of the chamber. She goes through and the wind whistles. The large chamber has a broken roof, and snow falls. She sets down her torch, and ascends to a stage with a throne. Dragons screech again, and she does not touch the snowy throne. She walks toward the noises, and a large portal door opens before her. She exits, finding herself in a land of snow and ice. She sees a lone tent in the distance. She walks to it.
INT: TENT
DROGO sits, holding their son Rhaego
DROGO: (dothraki) Moon of my life.
DAENERYS cannot believe her eyes. She walks closer.
DAENERYS: (dothraki)  This is dark magic, like the magic that took you from me. Took you from me before I could even Maybe I am dead and I just don't know it yet. Maybe I am with you in the Night Lands.
DROGO: (dothraki) Or maybe I refused to enter the Night Lands without you. Maybe I told the Great Stallion to go fuck himself and came back here to wait for you.
DAENERYS: That sounds like something you would do.
DAENERYS sits next to DROGO, and she caresses RHAEGO's head.
DROGO: (dothraki) Or maybe it is a dream. Your dream, my dream I do not know. These are questions for wise men with skinny arms.
DROGO And DAENERYS stare deeply into one another's eyes.
DROGO: (dothraki) You are the moon of my life. That is all I know and all I need to know.
They touch foreheads and DROGO caresses her face, gently.
DROGO: (dothraki)  And if this is a dream I will kill the man who tries to wake me.
DAENERYS looks down at RHAEGO. Dragons screech.
DAENERYS: Until the sun rises in the west and sets in the east, until the rivers run dry and the mountains blow in the wind like leaves.
She caresses DROGO's face and touches RHAEGO one more time. Then DAENERYS gets up a quickly walks away. DROGO is heartbroken.
INT: HOUSE OF THE UNDYING
When DAENERYS leaves the tent, she finds herself back in the House of the Undying. Her three dragons sit on a pedestal. They call out to her, excited. She walks closer, and holds out a hand for them
PYATT PREE: They miss their mother.
DAENERYS turns around, startled. Behind her, another PYATT PREE clone watches while she looks at the one who spoke. The two PYATTs share the dialog, speaking with one mind.
PYATT PREE: They want to be with you.
PYATT PREE: Do you want to be with them?
PYATT PREE: You will be.
PYATT PREE: When your dragons were born,
PYATT PREE: our magic was born again.
PYATT PREE: It is strongest in their presence.
PYATT PREE: And they are strongest in yours.
A third PYATT PREE appears in an alcove.
PYATT PREE: You will be with them, through winter, summer, winter again. Across a thousand, thousand seasons you will be with them.
The sound of chains turning starts to her right.
PYATT PREE: And we will be with you until time comes to an end.
DAENERYS finds that her wrist is chained. PYATT PREE tightens the chain that binds her. DAENERYS is confused. Another PYATT PREE pulls on a chain now attached to her other wrist. Her arms are now outstreched and straining.
PYATT PREE: Welcome home, Daenerys Stormborn.
DAENERYS: This is not my home. My home is across the sea, where my people are waiting for me.
PYATT PREE: They will be waiting a long time.
DAENERYS turns to look at her dragons. PYATT PREE peers down at them. DAENERYS turns back to the warlock.
DAENERYS: Dracarys.
The dragons breath smoke. Then one spurts out a burp of fire. It catches PYATT PREE's sleeve, and he starts to panic. All three dragons spit fire, past DAENERYS who experiences the ecstasy of the fire. PYATT PREE is consumed by flame. He screams horrible, and falls to the ground. DAENERYS looks back to her dragons. The chains break.
EXT: THE FAR NORTH  The wildings lead the captive JON and QHORIN on a march. YGRITTE playfully tortures JON by batting him with his sword, with the RATTLESHIRT walking behind her.
YGRITTE: We should be there by sundown. Won't be a fun night for you. Mance knows how to make crows sing. If you know what to say, you might just make it through the night. Not talking's not the way to go.
JON: Careful with that. You might cut yourself.
YGRITTE swings the sword again, JON feints and she misses.
JON: Never swung a sword before, have you? You look like a baby with a rattle.
RATTLESHIRT: Enough of that!
YGRITTE challenges JON. QHORIN uses the distraction to punch his captor in the face, and steal his sword. He pushes by RATTLESHIRT and attacks JON. JON falls.
JON: Stop!
Two wildlings hold QHORIN back.
QHORIN: Why, traitor? So you can give Mance Rayder an invitation to Castle Black?
RATTLESHIRT: Let 'em fight.
YGRITTE drops JON's sword for him. The wildlings release QHORIN, who charges at JON. He tries to grab his sword while scrambling away from the attack. He gets to his feet, and they battle convincingly. QUORIN forces JON to stumble into two wildlings, who push him back into the fight.
QHORIN: That's it? That's what you can do? You little shit.
QHORIN attacks again. JON counters.
QHORIN: Your traitor father teach you that?
JON goes on the attack, but QHORIN parries.
QHORIN: Or was it your whore mother?
QHORIN headbutts JON, who falls. He gathers himself and charges, disarming QHORIN. He runs Quorin through.
QHORIN: We are the watchers on the Wall.
QHORIN falls, dead.
YGRITTE: You can tell Mance that's the man who killed Qhorin Halfhand.
Rattleshirt takes the sword from JON, and then slices through his bounds.
RATTLESHIRT: Burn the body.
WILDLING: Aye.
RATTLESHIRT: You don't want this one coming back for you.
RATTLESHIRT exits and YGRITTE comes to JON's side.
YGRITTE: Come along, Jon Snow.
They walk together to the edge of the cliff.
YGRITTE: Time to meet the King-beyond-the-Wall.
She walks down the slope. JON looks back to see the wildlings burning QHORIN's body. He follows YGRITTE.
INT: QARTH
XARO sleeps with DOREAH next to him. A curved sword hooks his amulet and steals it away. XARO awakes startled and sits up.
XARO: What the
JORAH, DAENERYS, KOVARRO and the Dothraki have entered his bedroom. DOREAH sits up next to XARO
DOREAH: Khaleesi, please. He said you'd never leave Qarth alive.
DAENERYS: Come.
DAENERYS turns and walks. XARO makes a sudden move, but JORAH draws his sword and keeps him motionless.
CUT TO: XARO'S SAFE
KOVARRO uses the amulet to open the vault's door. JORAH helps him to open the door. DAENERYS enters first. The vault is empty.
DAENERYS: Nothing.
She turns around
DAENERYS: Thank you, Xaro Xhoan Daxos. Thank you for teaching me this lesson.
The Dothraki push XARO and DOREAH forward into the vault.
XARO: I am king of Qarth. I can help you now, truly help you. We can take the Iron Throne. I'll bring you a thousand ships.
DOREAH: Please, Khaleesi, I beg you.
XARO: All that you have dreamed is within your reach!
The Dothraki close the vault door behind the pair.
DOREAH: I beg you, please!
XARO: Khaleesi.
DOREAH: Please! Please!
XARO: Khaleesi!
JORAH shuts the door and locks it. He hands the amulet key to DAENERYS.
CUT TO: DINING ROOM
They are looking for things to loot.
JORAH: It's all a lie.
DAENERYS hands him a golden vase.
DAENERYS: Looks real enough to me. Real enough to buy a ship?
JORAH: Aye, a small ship.
DAENERYS walks away.
JORAH: (dothraki) Take all the gold and jewels.
The Dothraki cheer, and being to loot the palace. DAENERYS walks lovingly with her dragons.
EXT: THE NORTH
GRENN, EDDISON TOLLETT and SAM continue to labor in the cold and snow.
GRENN: I thought we were coming north to fight wildlings.
GRENN finds a piece of dung.
GRENN: Is this goat?
EDDISON TOLLETT takes it, placing it in his basket.
EDDISON TOLLETT: It's moose. People shouldn't live anywhere you need to burn shit to keep warm.
GRENN: Well, you see a tree, let me know.
They continue to dig.
SAM: If you step back and think about it, the thing about Gilly that's so interesting is
GRENN: Just bloody kill me.
SAM: No, truly. The thing about her that I find so interesting is that after all that Craster's done to her, she's still got hope that life might get better.
EDDISON TOLLETT: The thing about Gilly that you find so interesting is that she said six words to you.
SAM: And the thing about you that I find so interesting is absolutely nothing.
A horn blows in the distance.
SAM: It's Jon and the Halfhand. They're back.
The horn blows again
GRENN: Two blasts is wildlings. You're not fighting them alone.
The horn blows a third time.
EDDISON TOLLETT: Come on.
GRENN: Three blasts?
EDDISON TOLLETT: Run!
GRENN and EDDISON TOLLETT flee. SAM is slower to follow.
SAM: Wait! Wait for me!
SAM falls, spilling his basket.
SAM: Grenn!
GRENN and EDDISON TOLLETT are running further away, not waiting or helping.
SAM: Edd!
SAM stands. There is a high-pitches squeal. SAM sees figures coming towards him. He hides behind a large boulder. The figures comple closer, walking slowly. They are undead and decaying with blue eyes. An undead horse stops next to sam. A white walker rides it, and he notices SAM. SAM begins to sob. The white walker shrieks and orders his undead followers forward. There are scores of them, a seemingly endless onslaught. Another white walker is mounted behind. He also gives the order forward.
EXT: North of the Wall
The screen is black. A white walker unleashes a horrendous screech.  Weapons clash while men grunt and scream in the sounds of battle.
MAN: Fall back!
EXT: North of the Wall
It is dawn. The wind howls as Sam runs, desperate and exhausted, through blizzard conditions of blinding snow.
SAM: ( Panting and breathing heavily. )
Sam comes to a halt. Just ahead,   Night's Watchman kneels in the  snow.
SAM: Brother?
Sam approaches the kneeling figure, and realizes that the man is decapitated and holding his own lifeless head in his lap. Sam looks ill and defeated. Behind him, a figure strides towards him, axe drawn. Sam turns and his eyes widen as he sees the undead freefolk striding towards him. The ghoul raises his axe to strike, and Sam recoils and falls. As the last moment, a direwolf pounces on the undead man, saving Sam's life. As Sam lies stunned, Ghost pulls the his attacker away by the ankle. The ghoul shakes his way free and claws forward to Sam, grabbing at his legs. As Sam scrambles backwards, a torch lights the ghoul on fire. Engulfed in flames, the undead wildling finally collapses. Sam looks up to see Jeor and the Night's Watch. He rises.
JEOR: Did you send the ravens?
Sam keeps his eyes on the ground in shame.
JEOR: Tarly, look at me. Did you send the ravens?
SAM: (Shakes his head.)
JEOR: That was your job. Your only job. We need to get back to the Wall. It's a long march. We know what's out there, but we have to make it, have to warn them or before winter's done, everyone you've ever known will be dead.
MAIN CREDITS
EXT: Beyond the Wall
The party, including RATTLESHIRT, JON SNOW and YGRITTE,  return to the  bustling wildling camp. A giant walks by, carrying a bundle of huge stakes. JON is awed.
YGRITTE: First time you've seen a giant, Jon Snow?
JON:  (Nods)
The giant  drives a large stake into the ground.
YGRITTE: Well, don't stare too long. They're shy. When they stop being shy, they get angry. And when they're angry, I've seen them pound a man straight into the ground like a hammer on a nail.
The giant finishes his work and looks at Jon, growling. The party continues to walk through the camp, and the wildlings heckle JON has he passes.
MAN: Crow!
BOY: Crow!
GIRL: Look over there!
MAN #2: Crow!
GIRL: Crow! Look over here! Look!
WOMAN: Ah, look, crow coming!
BOY: Crow!
YGRITTE: You're wearing the wrong color.
JON SNOW: Mance was a ranger.
YGRITTE: In your hearts, all you crows want to fly free.
JON SNOW: When I'm free, will I be free to go?
BOY: Crow!
BOY: Crow!
Boys throw rocks at JON SNOW.
YGRITTE: Sure, you will.
YGRITTE swats a boy with her staff.
BOY: Oh! ( laughter )
YGRITTE: And I'll be free to kill you. Got no respect, this lot. Got no fathers to slap 'em when they're foul.
JON SNOW: What happened to their fathers?
YGRITTE: Some of them were killed by crows like you. Don't look so grim, Jon Snow. If Mance Rayder likes you, you'll live another day. And if he don't...
INT: A freefolk tent
RATTLESHIRT, JON and YGRITTE enter the tent. TORMUND eats hungrily by the fire.
TORMUND: I smell a crow.
LORD OF BONES: We killed his friends. Thought you'd want to question this one.
TORMUND: What do we want with a baby crow?
YGRITTE: This baby killed Qhorin Halfhand. He wants to be one of us.
TORMUND rises and stares at JON.
TORMUND: That half-handed cunt killed friends of mine. Friends twice your size.
JON SNOW: My father told me big men fall just as quick as little ones if you put a sword through their hearts.
TORMUND: Plenty of little men tried to put their swords through my heart. And there's plenty of little skeletons buried in the woods. What's your name, boy?
JON SNOW: Jon Snow.
JON kneels before TORMUND, mistaking him for MANCE RAYDER, the King-beyond-the-Wall.
JON SNOW: Your Grace.
The wildlings laugh
TORMUND: Your Grace?
Did you hear that? From now on, you'd better kneel every time I fart. ( Laughs. )
Mance rises from the back of the tent.
MANCE: Stand, boy. We don't kneel for anyone beyond the Wall.
JON rises.
MANCE: So, you're Ned Stark's bastard. Thank you for the gift, Lord of Bones. You can leave us.
Lord of Bones leaves. YGRITTE gives JON a look, and exits as well.
MANCE: The girl likes you. You like her back, Snow? That why you want to join us?
TORMUND: Don't panic, boy. This isn't the damned Night's Watch where we make you swear off girls.
MANCE: This chicken eater you thought was king is Tormund Giantsbane.
TORMUND:  Can't believe this pup killed the Halfhand.
MANCE: He was our enemy and I'm glad he's dead.
MANCE extends his hand,  and JON SNOW shakes it. Mance holds on firmly.
MANCE: He was my brother once. Back when he had a whole hand. What were you doing with him?
JON SNOW: The Lord Commander sent me to the Halfhand for seasoning.
MANCE: Why?
JON SNOW: He wants me to lead one day.
MANCE: But here you are, a traitor kneeling before the King-beyond-the-Wall.
JON SNOW:  If I'm a traitor, then you are, too.
TORMUND glowers.
MANCE: Why do you want to join us, Jon Snow?
JON SNOW: (Hesitates.) I want to be free.
MANCE: No, I don't think so. I think what you want most of all is to be a hero. I'll ask you one last time ... why do you want to join us?
MANCE's guard rise and close in, menacingly.
JON SNOW: We stopped at Craster's Keep on the way north. I saw...
MANCE: You saw what?
JON SNOW: I saw Craster take his own baby boy and leave it in the woods. I saw what took it.
MANCE: You're telling me you saw one of them? And why would that make you desert your brothers?
JON SNOW: Because when I told the Lord Commander, he already knew. Thousands of years ago, the First Men battled the White Walkers and defeated them. I want to fight for the side that fights for the living. Did I come to the right place?
MANCE: We'll need to find you a new cloak.
EXT. King's Landing
Children chatter and play in the water outside of King's Landing
INT. KIng's Landing Whorehouse
BRONN and a WHORE lie abed, enjoying themselves.
BRONN: What if you took off that bit there?
WHORE: Don't you want to leave something to the imagination?
BRONN: Trouble is, I've never had much imagination.
She rises.
WHORE: I want you to take it off.
BRONN moves to remove it, and she tsks, putting her finger to her lips.
WHORE: Mouth.
A door opens, and PODRICK enters.
PODRICK: Ser Bronn. Ser Bronn.
BRONN: I didn't hear that.
PODRICK: Apologies, ser.
BRONN: Back away. Keep backing away till you're outside this establishment. Then back away some more.
PODRICK: Lord Tyrion sent me.
BRONN: I will murder you, boy.
PODRICK: He said it was a matter of life and death.
INT. Tyrion's quarters
Tyrion looks at his scar in the mirror. There is a knocking at the door.
TYRION: Pod?
CERSEI: Cersei: It's your sister. The queen.
Tyrion puts down the mirror and moves a stool to the door. He opens the door's window looks through the door to see Cersei and guards Meryn Trant and Taryn Mant.
TYRION: What are they doing here?
CERSEI: Protecting me, I assume. Will you let me in?
TYRION: No, I don't think so.
CERSEI: If I wanted to kill you, do you think I'd let a wooden door stop me?
Tyrion considers.
TYRION: They stay outside.
CERSEI: I'm not afraid of you, little brother.
Tyrion grabs an axe, and opens the door cautiously. As soon as Cersei enters, he secures the door closed..
TYRION: Why are you here?
CERSEI: I wanted to see your face. They said you'd lost your nose, but it's not as gruesome as all that.
TYRION: The man who cut me lost more than his nose.
CERSEI: I should hope so. The rebels came for Joffrey's head, they lost their own. Thanks to Father.
TYRION: Thanks to Father. Of course, it wasn't a rebel who tried to kill me.
CERSEI: No? Curious. Bit of a comedown from chamber of the Hand. But then I don't suppose you need much room.
Tyrion pours himself some wine.
TYRION: Grand Maester Pycelle made the same joke. You must be proud to be as funny as a man whose balls brush his knees.
CERSEI: You're meeting Father today?
TYRION: How do you know that?
CERSEI: Because I have hundreds of spies in my employ. The Master of Whisperers owes me a favor or two. Father told me. What do you want from him?
TYRION: What do I want from him? He's my father. Do I need to want something? I'm sure he loves me dearly, as any father loves his child, his baby boy. Yet he hasn't come to visit once since arriving in King's Landing. I lay here, my face split in half, but Father never came.
CERSEI: You're going to make me cry.
TYRION: Why do you care what I want from him?
CERSEI: Because you've slandered me to Father before.
TYRION: Slandered? When?
CERSEI: You told him I had my guards beat that servant girl at Casterly Rock.
TYRION: You did have your guards beat her. A girl of nine, I believe.
CERSEI: I was nine, too.
TYRION: She lost an eye, if I remember correctly.
CERSEI: If I remember correctly, she never stole a necklace again.
TYRION: It's not slander if it's true.
CERSEI: And what's this truth you plan on telling him today?
TYRION: Why are you so nervous about what I'm going to say to Father?
CERSEI: Because you're a liar. I expect you'll tell lies about me, about Joffrey.
TYRION: Any lies in particular?
CERSEI: You're a clever man, but you're not half as clever as you think you are.
TYRION: Still makes me more clever than you.
INT. outside Tyrion's quarters.
Taryn Mant and Meryn Trant stand guard. A door opens and BRONN and PODROCK enter.
BRONN: Oh, look at these two shining warriors. Ser Taryn Mant and... Ser Whosit of Whocares.
MERYN TRANT: Ser Meryn Trant.
BRONN: Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.
MERYN TRANT: You're no knight.
BRONN: Pod.
PODRICK: Ser Bronn of the Blackwater was anointed by the king himself.
MERYN TRANT: You're an up-jumped cutthroat, nothing more.
BRONN: That's exactly who I am. And you're a grub in fancy armor who's better at beating little girls than fighting men. Now, I have an appointment with Lord Tyrion.
Bronn strides forward, and the two guard block him.
MERYN TRANT: You put your hand on that door, you lose the hand.
They begin to draw their weapons. At that moment, Tyrion's door opens, and Cersei exits Tyrion's chambers. She walks away with Meryn Trant and Taryn Mant. Bronn sheaths his dagger.
EXT. King's Landing
Tyrion, Bronn and Podrick walk along the wall.
BRONN: As much as I appreciate a walk in the sunshine, your lordship, I am wondering why you sent for me.
TYRION: A number of people in this city want to kill me. You're here to protect me.
BRONN: I've been doing that for a while now.
TYRION: Do you grow bored protecting me?
BRONN: I grow poor protecting you.
TYRION: Poor? Poor? Under my patronage you've become a knight, you've served as Commander of the City Watch.
BRONN: Briefly.
TYRION: I'm sure you filled your pockets.
BRONN: And now my pockets are empty. You've given me a taste for the finer things. And if you want me to carry on protecting you, you'll need to pay more.
TYRION: I thought we were friends.
BRONN: We are. But I'm a sellsword. I sell my sword. I don't loan it out to friends as a favor.
TYRION: How much?
BRONN: Double.
TYRION: Double?
BRONN: I'm a knight now. Knights are worth double.
TYRION: I don't even know how much I'm paying you now.
BRONN: Which means you can afford it.
EXT.  Blackwater Bay
Davos lies on a rocky shore, bruised, battered, and dehydrated. He looks out to the sea and sees a boat in the distance. He climbs atop the rocks and starts waving. He removes his shirt in desperation and waves that as well.
DAVOS: Here. Here! Help me!
Davos starts to lose hope. Then a horn blows from the distant boat. He is relieved.
CUT TO: the same shore, a bit later.
A ships' boat has made it to Davos. He greets them as they row to him
MAN: Who are you?
DAVOS: I was in the battle at Blackwater. I was a captain and a knight.
MAN: Aye, ser, and serving which king?
Davos hesitates.
DAVOS: The one true king of Westeros ...  Stannis Baratheon.
The man smiles slightly and throws a rope to Davos.
INT. Salladhor's ship
Davos and Salladhor sit in the captain's quarters. Davos sits and Salladhor stands above him.
SALLADHOR: I thought you were dead. Everyone thought you were dead. And your son?
DAVOS: (Nods)
SALLADHOR: He may have swam ashore as you did.
DAVOS: No, the wildfire took him. I saw it.
Salladhor sits.
SALLADHOR: I'm so sorry, my friend. I, too, have lost a son. There is nothing worse in this world. But, Davos, you were a good father.
DAVOS: If I was a good father, he'd still be here. Stannis lives?
SALLADHOR: He licks his wounds at Dragonstone.
DAVOS: Will you take me there?
SALLADHOR: There is nothing for me at Dragonstone.
DAVOS: This war is not over.
SALLADHOR: Not for you, maybe. But for Salladhor Saan, the war is over.
DAVOS: We're both sworn to King Stannis.
SALLADHOR: I am sworn to no man. I promised you 30 ships and you promised me riches and glory. I delivered the ships.
DAVOS: Stannis never gives up. Never. Now he will regroup ...
SALLADHOR: He's a broken man. His fleet lies at the bottom of Blackwater Bay. They say he sees no one ... not his generals, not even his wife. Only the Red Woman whispering in his ear, telling him what she sees in the flames and burning men alive.
DAVOS: What?
SALLADHOR: They built a great fire when Stannis returned. All those who spoke against her she called servants of darkness. They say she sang to them as they burned.
Salladhor stands and pours himself some wine, then sits again
SALLADHOR: I'm a pirate.
DAVOS: You're a smuggler.
SALLADHOR: Servants of darkness. I'm thinking Dragonstone is a good place for us to avoid.
DAVOS: Take me back there, please.
SALLADHOR: You cannot turn Stannis against her.
DAVOS: Maybe not, but I could carve her heart out.
SALLADHOR: You could try. If you fail, they will burn you. If you succeed, they'll burn you. And you've only just come back to life. Stay alive a little longer, my friend.
DAVOS: You call me friend. You drank with me on my wedding day.
SALLADHOR: And you drank with me on four of my wedding days, but I don't ask you for favors.
DAVOS: I have to stop her. Please, do this for me.
SALLADHOR: When you are dead, I will gather your bones in a little sack and let your widow wear them around her neck.
EXT. Outside Harrenhal
Horses trot as Robb's army is on the move.
ROOSE BOLTON: We should set the siege lines 1,000 yards from Harrenhal.
ROBB: There won't be a siege. The Mountain can't defend a ruin.
ROOSE BOLTON: I imagine the Mountain will defend whatever Tywin Lannister tells him to defend.
ROBB: The Lannisters have been running from us since Oxcross. I'd love a fight. The men would love a fight. I don't think we're going to get one.
Robb's army advances
EXT. Harrenhall
Robb's forces have arrived at Harrenhall. ROBB surveys a courtyard that littered with bodies. Flies buzz noisily among the corpses. RICKARD KARSTARK and ROOSE BOLTON enter.
RICKARD KARSTARK: 200 Northmen slaughtered like sheep.
ROOSE BOLTON: The debt will be repaid, my friend. For them and for your sons.
RICKARD KARSTARK: Will it? They rot in the ground while their killer runs free.
ROOSE BOLTON: The Kingslayer won't remain free for long. My best hunters are after him.
Robb and Catelyn walk somberly  through the courtyard.
ROBB: Robb: A Mallister?
CATELYN: Ser Jeremy. My father's bannerman.
RICKARD KARSTART and ROOSE BOLTON exit.
ROBB: Find her a chamber that will serve as a cell.
Talisa approaches.
TALISA: Talisa: She's your mother.
ROBB: She freed Jaime Lannister. The Lannisters robbed them of their sons and she robbed them of their justice.
Qyburn coughs nearby, and Talisa moves to tend to him
QYBURN: ( coughing ) Water. Water.
TALISA: This needs to be cleaned and closed.
ROBB: What's your name, friend?
QYBURN: Qyburn.
TALISA: You're lucky to be alive.
QYBURN: Lucky?
INT. King's Landing.
The Hand's Chambers. Tywin works at his desk while Tyrion looks on.
TYRION: ( sighs ) The badge looks good on you. Almost as good as it looked on me. Are you enjoying your new position?
TYWIN: Am I enjoying it?
TYRION: I was very happy as Hand of the King.
TYWIN: ( chuckles ) Yes. I heard how happy you were. ( blows ) You brought a whore into my bed.
TYRION: It wasn't your bed at the time.
Tywin seals the letter he has finished.
TYWIN: I sent you here to advise the king. I gave you real power and authority. You chose to spend your days as you always have, bedding harlots and drinking with thieves.
TYRION: Occasionally I drank with the harlots.
TYWIN: What do you want, Tyrion?
TYRION: Why does everyone assume I want something? Can't I simply visit with my beloved father? My beloved father who somehow forgot to visit his wounded son after he fell on the battlefield.
Tywin stands and takes a goblet of wine.
TYWIN: Maester Pycelle assured me your wounds were not fatal.
TYRION: I organized the defense of this city while you held court in the ruins of Harrenhal. I led the foray when the enemies were at the gate while your grandson, the king, quivered in fear behind the walls. I bled in the mud for our family. And as my reward, I was trundled off to some dark little cell. But what do I want? A little bloody gratitude would be a start.
TYWIN: Jugglers and singers require applause. You are a Lannister. Do you think I demanded a garland of roses every time I suffered a wound on a battlefield? Hmm? Now, I have seven kingdoms to look after and three of them are in open rebellion. So tell me what you want.
Tywin sits.
TYRION: I want what is mine by right. Jaime is your eldest son, heir to your lands and titles. But he is a Kingsguard, forbidden from marriage or inheritance. The day Jaime put on the white cloak, he gave up his claim to Casterly Rock. I am your son and lawful heir.
TYWIN: You want Casterly Rock?
TYRION: It is mine by right.
TYWIN: ( sighs ) We'll find you accommodations more suited to your name and as a reward for your accomplishments during the battle of Blackwater Bay. And when the time is right, you will be given a position fit for your talents so that you can serve your family and protect our legacy. And if you serve faithfully, you will be rewarded with a suitable wife. And I would let myself be consumed by maggots before mocking the family name and making you heir to Casterly Rock.
TYRION: Why?
TYWIN: Why? You ask that? You, who killed your mother to come into the world? You are an ill-made, spiteful little creature full of envy, lust, and low cunning. Men's laws give you the right to bear my name and display my colors since I cannot prove that you are not mine. And to teach me humility, the gods have condemned me to watch you waddle about wearing that proud lion that was my father's sigil and his father's before him. But neither gods nor men will ever compel me to let you turn Casterly Rock into your whorehouse. Go, now. Speak no more of your rights to Casterly Rock. Go.
Tyrion gets up, dejected, and starts to leave.
TYWIN: Oh, one more thing. The next whore I catch in your bed I'll hang.
Tyrion exits briskly in anger.
EXT. King's Landing Shore
Sansa and Shea sit on a dock.
SANSA: Dorne. It's going to Dorne.
SHAE: Why Dorne?
SANSA: It's carrying silk and it's supposed to bring back wine in exchange. But it's not coming back. The captain's tired of risking his life so King's Landing lords and ladies can get drunk on better wine than they deserve. He's going to stay in Dorne. Wait out the winter where it's beautiful and warm.
SHAE: I met some people in Dorne who weren't so beautiful and warm.
SANSA: Don't ruin the game.
SHAE: I told you, I don't want to play.
SANSA: (pointing to another ship) What about that one there?
SHAE: That one? It's going to Volantis.
SANSA: Why?
SHAE: Because when I got on a ship in Volantis, it looked like that one.
SANSA: That's not how the game works. You're not supposed to just blurt out the right answer. You've got to invent a story about where the ship is going and why.
SHAE: Why should I make up a story when I know the truth?
Littlefinger and Ros walk onto the dock.
SANSA: Because the truth is always either terrible or boring.
Littlefinger approaches.
LITTLEFINGER: Lovely day for it. Watching the ships.
SANSA: Lord Baelish.
LITTLEFINGER: Might I speak with Lady Sansa alone for a moment?
Shae looks to Sansa, then stands and walks back to Ros.
LITTLEFINGER: I saw your mother not long ago. She's very eager to see you. And your sister.
SANSA: Arya's alive? You said you'd take me home.
LITTLEFINGER: You said King's Landing was your home. You are the property of the crown. Stealing you would be treason. If you were to tell just one person ...
SANSA: I won't tell anyone.
LITTLEFINGER: How do I know?
SANSA: Because I'm a terrible liar. You said so yourself. Please, Lord Baelish. Tell me what to do. Tell me when.
LITTLEFINGER: I'm waiting for word on an assignment that will take me far away from the capital. When I set sail, I might be able to take you with me. But you'll need to be ready to leave on a moment's notice.
Further back on the dock, Ros approaches Shae
ROS: You're her handmaiden?
SHAE: Yes. And you're his...?
ROS: I help manage his affairs.
SHAE: He's an important person.
ROS: So is she. I grew up in the shadow of her father's castle. The day she was born, they rang the bells from sunrise till sunset. We've both done rather well, you and I.
SHAE: Yes.
ROS: Given where we started.
SHAE: And where is that?
ROS: It's not easy for girls like us to dig our way out. Watch out for her.
Littlefinger leaves Shae and walks towards them.
SHAE: I always do.
ROS: Watch out for her with him.
EXT. The Seas outside Slaver's Bay
Dragons  screech as they fly next to a boat at sea. On the deck are DAENERYS and JORAH watch them. Drogon dives and catches a fish. He cooks it with his fire breath and swallows it. He lands next to DAENERYS for affection.
JORAH: They're growing fast.
DAENERYS: Not fast enough. I can't wait that long. I need an army
Drogon screeches again and takes flight.
JORAH: We'll be in Astapor by nightfall. Some say the Unsullied are the greatest soldiers in the world.
DAENERYS: The greatest slave-soldiers in the world. The distinction means a good deal to some people.
JORAH: Do those people have any better ideas about how to put you on the Iron Throne?
DAENERYS: It's too beautiful a day to argue.
A Dothraki man vomits on the deck below
JORAH: You're right. Another lovely day on the high seas.
DAENERYS: Don't mock them. They're the first Dothraki who have ever been on a ship. They followed me across the poison water. If they'll do it, others will. And with a true khalasar ...
JORAH: The Dothraki follow strength above all, khaleesi. You'll have a true khalasar when you prove yourself strong. And not before.
EXT. The shore outside Dragonstone.
The ship's boat has dropped Davos off below Dragonstone, and started back to sea. Davos begins to walk to the castle.
INT. Dragonstone war room.
Stannis sits, looking out to the sea, with Melissandre standing beside him. Davos enters.
DAVOS: Your Grace.
STANNIS: I heard you were dead.
DAVOS: Not yet.
STANNIS: I had hoped to speak to you alone, Your Grace.
STANNIS: We are alone.
Davos approaches to address Stannis.
DAVOS: Your Grace, you are the rightful king. Not only by blood. You're an honorable man, a just man. And there is still a war to fight.
STANNIS: I am fighting.
DAVOS: By burning prisoners alive?
MELISANDRE: How would you punish the infidels, Ser Davos?
DAVOS: I do not judge people for the gods they worship. If I did, I'd have thrown you in the sea before you ever set foot on Dragonstone.
MELISANDRE: I'm not your enemy.
DAVOS: You are my enemy.
MELISANDRE: Was it me you fought on Blackwater Bay? Did I set your ships ablaze? I wasn't there when the wildfire killed our men by the thousands. I could have saved those men. You would have taken the city, Stannis would now sit upon his rightful throne, and you would stand beside him. But I wasn't there because you convinced your king to leave me behind. Do you hear them screaming? All those burning men in the water crying for their mothers, for their gods for help? Until the moment the Blackwater swallowed them.
Melissandre touches Davos's cheek, and he recoils.
DAVOS: ( gasps )
MELISANDRE: Don't despair, Ser Davos. What I told your son is true.
She whispers in his ear
MELISANDRE:  Death by fire is the purest death.
Enraged, Davos draws his dagger and raises it to stab her. The guard hold him back.
DAVOS: ( growls ) This woman is evil! She's the mother of demons.
STANNIS: Take him to the dungeon and lock him in a cell.
The guards pull him backwards out of the room
DAVOS: Your Grace!
GUARD: Come on.
MELISANDRE: You've chosen the darkness, Ser Davos.
DAVOS: She will destroy us all!
MELISANDRE: I will pray for you.
DAVOS: Your Grace!
The guards remove him from the chamber.
EXT. Streets of King's Landing.
Joffrey and Margaery are being transported through King's Landing in their royal palanquin, borne by the Kings guard.
GUARD: Guard: Halt. Down.
GUARD #2: Guard #2: Halt. Down.
The palaquin are set down, and Joffrey is confused and irritated.
JOFFREY: Why have we stopped?
GUARD: It's Lady Margaery, Your Grace.
Joffrey looks out of his palquin, and sees Margaery stepping into the streets.
JOFFREY: Joffrey: What is she doing? Who gave her permission?
CUT TO: The nearby streets.
Margaery walks with purpose, and her maid tries to keep up.
MAID: My lady. We should have guards, my lady.
MARGAERY: Why?
Margaery is blocked by a disfigured commoner, who looks at her with disdain. She smiles at him.
MARGAERY: Pardon me.
A woman empties a bucket of feces just in front of Margaery's path. She continues, optimistic and undeterred.
MAID: Stop, my lady. You'll ruin your dress.
MARGAERY: I have others.
She steps across the puddle of filth and her handmaid follows.
CUT TO: Joffrey's palaquin.
GUARD: Would you like to speak with her, Your Grace?
JOFFREY: No.
CUT TO: Margaery sitting in a small courtyard, surrounded by children.
CHILD: He was a soldier. He went to fight on the walls when the ships came into Blackwater Bay. He never came back.
MARGAERY: And your mother?
CHILD: She died when she had me.
MARGAERY: Bad men wanted to come into this city and do terrible things, but your father stopped them.
Margaery hands him a toy knight carved from wood.
MARGAERY: Whenever you look at this knight, I want you to remember your father.
CHILD: He wasn't a knight. He was just a soldier.
MARGAERY: And what do knights swear to do? Protect the weak and uphold the good. Your father did that. Be proud of him.
She turns to Child #2.
MARGAERY: Was your father a soldier, too?
Child #2 nods
MARGAERY:  You should be proud, too. Under King Joffrey's leadership, your fathers saved the city. They saved us all. From now on, we're going to take care of you. All of you.
Women hand out food to the children.
Cut to: The streets, a little later.
Margaery holds hands with two children as she walks. Children laugh and play. She speaks to their caretaker.
MARGAERY: Come to me for whatever you need to feed them, clothe them, or house them. Directly to me.
INT. Joffrey's dining table that night
The doors open. Joffrey and Cersei join  Margaery  and Loras  for dinner.
MARGAERY: Your Grace.
LORAS: Your Grace.
They bow.
JOFFREY: Please, sit. Sit. I do apologize, my lady. Small council meetings. At what point does it become treason to waste the king's time?
MARGAERY: ( laughs )
JOFFREY: That's a lovely gown, my lady.
CERSEI: Yes, it suits you perfectly. I imagine you might be rather cold.
MARGAERY: The climate is a bit more forgiving back in Highgarden, Your Grace.
JOFFREY: Shall I have them bring you a shawl, my lady?
MARGAERY: I am touched by your concern, Your Grace. Luckily for us Tyrells, our blood runs quite warm. Doesn't it, Loras?
LORAS: Yes.
MARGAERY: Loras, isn't the queen's gown magnificent? The fabric, the embroidery, the metalwork. I've never seen anything like it.
They all sit at the table, and servants begin to pour the wine.
CERSEI: You might find a bit of armor quite useful once you become queen. Perhaps before. Joffrey tells me you stopped your carriage at Flea Bottom on your way back from the sept this morning.
MARGAERY: Yes. I paid a visit to an orphanage the High Septon told me about.
LORAS: Margaery does a great deal of work with the poor back in Highgarden.
MARGAERY: The lowest among us are no different from the highest if you give them a chance and approach them with an open heart.
CERSEI: Cersei: An open heart is what you'll get in Flea Bottom if you're not careful, my dear. Not long ago, we were attacked by a mob there. We had a full complement of guards that didn't stop them. The king barely escaped with his life.
JOFFREY: My mother's always had a penchant for drama. Facts become less and less important to her as she grows older. Our lives were never truly in danger.
CERSEI: You're right, of course. But you are your father's son. We can't all have a king's bravery.
There is an awkward pause as the main course is brought to the table.
MARGAERY: Hunger turns men into beasts. I'm glad House Tyrell has been able to help in this regard. They tell me 100 wagons arrive daily now from the Reach. Wheat, barley, apples. We've had a blessed harvest. And, of course, it's our duty to assist the capital in time of need.
JOFFREY: Well, as Ser Loras said, Lady Margaery has done this sort of... charitable work before. I'm sure she knows what she's doing.
CERSEI: I'm sure she does.
EXT. Approaching the harbor of Astapor
DAENERYS stands on deck, watching their approach to the city.
CUT TO:  The path leading to Astapor
Kraznys mo Nakloz leads Daenerys, Jorah and Missandei. Missandei translates for Kraznys.
KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ: ( speaking Valyrian )
MISSANDEI: The Unsullied have stood here for a day and a night with no food or water.
They approach the gate.
KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ: ( speaking Valyrian )
MISSANDEI: They will stand until they drop.
KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ: ( speaking Valyrian )
MISSANDEI: Such is their obedience.
The foursome walks though a battalion of Unsullied warriors, standing at attention, who have made an aisle for them to pass through.
DANAERYS: They may suit my needs. Tell me of their training.
MISSANDEI: (speaking Valeryan) The Westrosi woman is pleased with them, but speaks no praise to keep the price down. She wished to know how they are trained.
KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ: ( speaking Valyrian ) Tell her what she would know and be quick about it.
Once they are through, the Unsullied reform at attention. The four ascend a platform at the end of the yeard, the sea behind them, to survey the soldiers.
MISSANDEI: They begin their training at five. Every day they drill from dawn to dusk until they have mastered the shortsword, the shield, and the three spears. Only one boy in four survives this rigorous training.
KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ: ( speaking Valyrian )
MISSANDEI: Their discipline and loyalty are absolute. They fear nothing.
JORAH: Even the bravest men fear death.
MISSANDEI: ( speaking Valyrian )
KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ: ( speaking Valyrian )
MISSANDEI: ( speaking Valyrian ) The knight says even brave men fear death.
KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ: ( speaking Valyrian ) Tell the old man he smells of piss.
MISSANDEI: ( speaking Valyrian ) Truly, master?
KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ: ( speaking Valyrian ) No, not truly. Are you a girl or a goat to ask such a thing? (Continues in Valyrian)
MISSANDEI: Missandei: My master says the Unsullied are not men. Death means nothing to them.
KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ: ( speaking Valyrian ) Tell this ignorant whore of a Westerner to open her eyes and watch.
KRAZNYS steps forward and descents to the yard.
MISSANDEI: He begs you attend to this carefully, Your Grace.
KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ: ( speaking Valyrian )
Kraznys calles an Unsullied forward. He pushes the man's shield and spear aside. He takes the Unsullied's knife and cuts away part of his leather chest armor
DAENERYS: Tell the good master there is no need.
KRAZNYS grabs hold of the man's exposed nipple.
KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ: ( speaking Valyrian ) She's worried about their nipples? Doers the dumb bitch know we've cut off their balls?
KRAZNYS slices off the man's nipple, throwing it to the ground. The solder does not flinch.
Missandei: My master points out that men don't need nipples.
KRAZNYS replaces the armor strap, and returns the soldier's arms to the ready.
KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ: ( speaking Valyrian ) Here, I'm done with you.
UNSULLIED: ( speaking Valyrian ) This one is pleased to have served you.
KRAZNYS turns around to face DAENERYS. The Unsullied soldier steps back into formation.
KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ: ( speaking Valyrian )
MISSANDEI: To win his shield, an Unsullied must go to the slave marts with a silver mark, find a newborn and kill it before its mother's eyes. This way, my master says, we make certain there is no weakness left in them.
DAENERYS: You take a babe from its mother's arms, kill it as she watches, and pay for her pain with a silver coin?
MISSANDEI: ( speaking Valyrian ) She is offended. She asks if you pay a sliver coin to the mother for her dead baby.
KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ: ( speaking Valyrian ) What a soft mewling fool this one is. ( continues in Valyrian )
MISSANDEI: My master would like you to know that the silver is paid to the baby's owner, not the mother.
DAENERYS: How many do you have to sell?
MISSANDEI: ( Missandei speaking Valyrian )
KRAZNYS holds up eight fingers.
MISSANDEI: 8000
KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ: ( speaking Valyrian ) Tell the Westerosi whore she has until tomorrow.
MISSANDEI: Master Kraznys asks that you please hurry. Many other buyers are interested.
KRAZNYS sheaths the knife. The Unsullied make way for KRAZNYS and MISSANDEI as the exit, then return to formation.
CUT TO: Slaver's Bay shoreline
Daenerys and Jorah walk along the shore.
DAENERYS: 8,000 dead babies.
JORAH: The Unsullied are a means to an end.
DAENERYS: Once I own them, these men ...
JORAH: They're not men. Not anymore.
DAENERYS: Once I own an army of slaves, what will I be?
JORAH: Do you think these slaves will have better lives serving Kraznys and men like him or serving you?
They come upon a busy yard where people work and some children play. One CHILD in particular looks at them as she tosses a wooded ball to herself. JORAH and DAENERYS continue into the yard.
JORAH: You'll be fair to them. You won't mutilate them to make a point.
The child remains just ahead of them. Meanwhile, a dark hooded figure follows behind.
JORAH: You won't order them to murder babies. You'll see they're properly fed and sheltered. A great injustice has been done to them. Closing your eyes will not undo it.
The Child rolls her wooden ball to DAENERYS, who picks it up. The CHILD motions for her to open it. Behind her, the hooded figure draws a knife. He knocks the ball out of her hand before she can twist it open. JORAH grabs the man and wrestles him to the ground, revealing  BARRISTAN SELMY. DAENERYS has been knocked to the ground, and the ball sits inches from her face. It opens, and a chittering, shiny scorpion crawls out and unfolds itself into display. It launches itself at DAENERYS, but is skewered by BARRISTAN's knife before it reaches her. He studies the pierced arachnid
CHILD: ( hisses )
BARRISTAN flicks the scorpion off his knife. The CHILD, whose mouth is now a corrupt shade of green, flees and jumps off the dock to the water. But when BARRISTAN reaches the edge, the CHILD is nowhere to be seen. He sheaths his knife, confused. DAENERYS and JORAH spot the CHILD on the overlook above them before she walks away.
DAENERYS: (to Jorah) The warlocks.
She walks towards BARRISTAN.
DAENERYS: I owe you my life, ser.
BARRISTAN SELMY: The honor is mine, my queen.
He lowers his hood
DAENERYS: You know this man?
JORAH: (Nods.) I know him as one of the greatest fighters the Seven Kingdoms has ever seen and as the Lord Commander of Robert Baratheon's Kingsguard.
Barristan approaches.
BARRISTAN SELMY: King Robert is dead. I have been searching for you, Daenerys Stormborn, to ask your forgiveness. I was sworn to protect your family. I failed them.
BARRISTAN kneels before her.
I am Barristan Selmy, Kingsguard to your father. Allow me to join your Queensguard and I will not fail you again.
BARRISTAN lowers his head in deference. DAENERYS considers his offer.
EXT: The woods outside Winterfell
BRAN runs through the woods, holding a bow. He stops, eyes searching. He turns to move again, but a raven startles him as it swoops  past his face and alights in a tree. BRAN steps closer, notches an arrow and takes aim.
JON: Don't think too much, Bran.
Suddenly, JON and ROBB are by his side.
JON: Relax your bow arm.
BRAN carefully lets the arrow fly. It misses and the raven takes flight. JON and ROBB laugh.
NED: And which one of you was a marksman at 10?
BRAN looks to the sky, trying to locate his father's voice.
BRAN: Father?
JOJEN appears next to him.
JOJEN: You can't kill it, you know.
BRAN: Why not?
JOJEN:  Because the raven is you.
EXT: A field in the north
BRAN wakes suddenly and sits up. He was sleeping atop furs  in an open tent. RICKON, in the cart nearby is startled awake by BRAN's movements. Their direwolves, Summer and Shaggydog, stand near them. HODOR leans down to check on BRAN while OSHA sits nearby, sharpening sharpens a stick.
HODOR: Hodor.
BRAN: It's all right, Hodor.
HODOR: Hodor.
OSHA: Were you inside the wolf again, little lord?
BRAN: No, it was the three-eyed raven.
OSHA: He's back.
BRAN: I tried to kill it, but I couldn't. There was a boy.
OSHA: I don't want to hear about it.
BRAN: But you asked.
OSHA: We've got plenty of worries. We don't need to pour black magic on top of them.
BRAN: I didn't ask for black magic dreams.
OSHA: I know you didn't, little lord.
Birds screech in the distance. OSHA looks up, concerned at their disturbance.
OSHA: We need to move.
She stands and puts away her knife.
BRAN: We don't know who might be after us. No one even knows we're alive.
OSHA: And who told you that? The three-eyed raven tell you?
BRAN: No.
OSHA: Some good he is, then.
OSHA begins to pack up camp.
OSHA: I don't know what other people know and what they don't. I only know the Wall is a long way off.
INT: Harrenhal chamber
ROBB looks pensively into a fire. TALISA stands nearby.
TALISA: My mother always told me you Westerosi were a grim lot. Grim, bearded, stinking barbarians that would row across the Narrow Sea and steal us from our beds.
TALISA walks over to ROBB and half-embraces him
ROBB: Did you ever think you'd marry one?
TALISA: I never thought I'd marry anyone at all.
ROBB: Never?
TALISA: Not until I met the king of the grim, bearded, stinking barbarians.
They kiss. The chamber door opens and ROOSE BOLTON enters.  ROOSE BOLTON: Pardon me, Your Grace. My queen.
TALISA: Lord Bolton.
ROOSE holds two pieces raven messages, one in each hand.
ROBB: Let me guess which one is the good news.  ROOSE BOLTON: Word from Riverrun and Winterfell.
EXT: Harrenhal courtyard
ROBB stands and and CATELYN sits in an archway. CATELYN is dejected.
CATELYN: I hadn't seen him in years. I don't even know how many.
ROBB: We'll travel to the funeral together. Lord Bolton will garrison here until we return.
CATELYN: Will I be wearing manacles when I lay my father to rest?
ROBB does not answer.
CATELYN: Something else?
ROBB: By the time Bolton's bastard-RAMSAY got to Winterfell, the ironborn were gone. They massacred everyone and put the castle to the torch. And BRAN and RICKON have not been found. They may have escaped. Or Theon may have taken them back to the Iron Islands as hostages.
CATELYN: Have you received any demands?
ROBB: No.
CATELYN: Have you heard anything from Theon at all?
INT: Dungeon
THEON is bound on an X-shaped cross in a dungeon. Someone drenches him with a bucket of water to wake him. He wakes, shaking, and takes stock of his location. A blurry TORTURER looks on.
THEON: Where am I? Who are you? What do you want?
The TORTURER approaches and grabs THEON's hand, roughly.
TORTURER: I want to do this.
The TORTURER thrusts an awl under THEON's finger nail. THEON screams in pain.
EXT: A field in the Riverlands
JAIME and BRIENNE make their way through a hedge. JAIME's hands are bound, and BRIENNE has him leashed.
JAIME: Do you know how long it's going to take us to get to King's Landing walking through fields and forests?
BRIENNE: Yes.
They walk through the field. BRIENNE occassionally pushes JAIME forward.
JAIME: So how shall we pass the time?
BRIENNE: By putting one foot in front of the other.
JAIME: It's going to be a very dull walk.
BRIENNE: I'm here to take you to King's Landing and bring back Lady Stark's daughters in exchange. Dull is fine.
JAIME: You know, it doesn't matter how loyal a servant you are, no one enjoys the company of a humorless mute. Trust me on this. People have been serving me since I was born. You think Lady Stark is going to want a giant towheaded plank following her around for the rest of her life? A week's journey with you and she'll order you to fall on your sword.
BRIENNE: If Lady Stark is unhappy with any aspect of my service, I'm sure she'll let me know. She's an honest woman.
JAIME: All the good it's done her.
EXT: Riverlands forrest, a bit later.
JAIME relieves himself on a tree, while BRIENNE looks on.
JAIME: How did you come into Lady Stark's service? There's something we can talk about.
BRIENNE: Not your concern, Kingslayer.
JAIME: It had to be recently. You weren't with her at Winterfell.
BRIENNE: How would you know?
JAIME: Because I visited Winterfell. I would have noticed your dour head smacking into the archways.
She yanks on his leash and they move on.
BRIENNE: Move.
JAIME: Were you pledged to Stannis?
BRIENNE: Gods, no.
JAIME: Ah, Renly. Really? He wasn't fit to rule over anything more important than a 12-course meal.
BRIENNE: Shut your mouth.
JAIME: Why? I lived with him at court since he was a boy, don't forget. Could hardly escape the little tulip. Skipping down the corridors in his embroidered silks. I knew him far better than you.
BRIENNE: I knew him as well as anyone. As a member of his Kingsguard, he trusted me with everything. He would have been a wonderful king.
JAIME: Sounds like you quite fancied him.
BRIENNE: I did not fancy him.
JAIME: Oh, gods, you did.
JAIME: Did you ever tell him? No, of course not. You weren't Renly's type, I'm afraid.
BRIENNE yanks on his leash in response.
JAIME: He preferred curly-haired little girls like Loras Tyrell. You're far too much man for him.
BRIENNE: I'm not interested in foul rumors.
JAIME: Unless they're about me. It's all true about Renly. His proclivities were the worst kept secret at court. It's a shame the throne isn't made out of cocks. They'd have never got him off it.
BRIENNE grabs the back of JAIME's head and yanks roughly. She puts her face directly in his.
BRIENNE: Shut your mouth!
JAIME: I don't blame him. And I don't blame you, either. We don't get to choose who we love.
A man approaches, leading  a horse.
MAN: Where are you headed, then?
BRIENNE: South. You?
MAN: Riverrun. Staying off the kingsroad, are you? They get you no matter where you go. You can't win.
JAIME: No, you really can't.
They both laugh, kindly.
MAN: Looks like you're safe enough, though. Meaning no offense, my lady, but I wouldn't tangle with you. Seven blessings to you.
BRIENNE: And you.
The man starts to walk away, but looks back over his shoulder.
JAIME: He knows who I am.
BRIENNE: He doesn't.
JAIME: Maybe you're right.  But what if you're not? What if he tells someone?
BRIENNE: We're not doing it. He's an innocent man.
JAIME: More innocent than Lady Stark's daughters?
BRIENNE pushes JAIME forward, and leads him further along in the woods.
INT: King's Landing, Joffrey's Chambers
Joffrey is being fitted by a TAILOR. CERSEI, seated nearby, looks on.
JOFFREY:  Make it tighter here.
CERSEI: That's better. It makes you look very strong.
The TAILOR lays some sample fabric on Joffrey's shoulder. Displeased, Joffrey snatches it away.
JOFFREY: No flowers. I said no flowers. All these are wrong. Bring others.
JOFFREY dismisses the TAILOR.
TAILOR: Yes, Your Grace.
The TAILOR exits.
JOFFREY: Bloody flowers. On the king.
CERSEI: Looks like a Tyrell rose. Give it to Margaery for her wedding gown. Should be more than enough fabric.
Joffrey tosses the fabric away and moves to his bed to change back into his clothes.
CERSEI: Tell me what you think of her.
JOFFREY: Who?
CERSEI: Margaery.
JOFFREY: She's an ideal match. With the Tyrells beside us, we'll crush the Northerners. Hang their lords, burn their strongholds, sow their fields with salt, and no one will think of rebelling for another century.
CERSEI: It is a good match, but what do you think of her? She's beautiful and intelligent.
JOFFREY: Yes, she is.
CERSEI: Her concern with the well-being of the common people is interesting.
JOFFREY: Not to me.
CERSEI: I only meant that to go out of your way to endanger yourself.
JOFFREY: This is becoming one of the most boring conversations I've ever had.
CERSEI stands.
CERSEI: Margaery Tyrell dotes on filthy urchins for a reason. She dresses like a harlot for a reason. She married a traitor and known degenerate like Renly Baratheon for a reason.
JOFFREY: She married Renly Baratheon because she was told to. That's what intelligent women do-what they're told.
CERSEI reaches out to him, but JOFFREY pushes her hand away.
CERSEI: You need to ask yourself
JOFFREY: I don't need to do anything.
The TAILOR returns with a different fabric sample. He drapes it on JOFFREY's shoulder.
JOFFREY: Better. Much better.
INT: Sansa's room in King's Landing
SHAE brushes SANSA's hair as SANSA sits before a mirror.
SHAE: I still don't believe it.
SANSA: He didn't. He didn't want anything. He just takes an interest because he loved my mother.
SHAE: Men only want one thing from a pretty girl.
SANSA: Littlefinger's not in love with me.
SHAE helps SANSA into her dress.
SHAE: Love is not the thing he wants.
SANSA: He's too old.
SHAE: They never see it that way. He didn't ask you to do something for him? Spy on someone or?
SANSA: No.
SHAE: If he does ask you for anything or try anything or touch you, I want you to tell me.
SANSA: Why? What will you do? I will make him stop.
There is a knock on the door.
GUARD: Ser Loras Tyrell, my lady.
SANSA: Send him in.
SHAE opens the door and LORAS enters.
LORAS: Lady Sansa.
SANSA: Ser Loras.
LORAS: My sister Margaery invites you to take the air with her and our grandmother the Lady Olenna in the gardens. May I escort you to them?
SANSA exits with LORAS, while SHAE watches with concern.
EXT: King's Landing garden
SANSA and LORAS stroll together through the garden, her arm in his.
LORAS:  I believe you grow more beautiful every day, Lady Sansa.
SANSA: You are too kind, Ser Loras. You probably don't remember the first time we met. At the Hand's tourney, you gave me your favor. A rose, a red rose.
LORAS: Of course I did.
They approach MARGAERY.
MARGAERY: (to a maid)  It's more your color. You take it.
MAID: Thank you.
MARGAERY: (to LORAS) You're such a dear.
LORAS: I'll take my leave. Lady Sansa.
SANSA: Thank you, Ser Loras.
LORAS exits. MARGAERY leads SANSA to a patio, filled with maids.
MARGAERY: Come. Lady Sansa, it is my honor to present my grandmother the Lady Olenna of House Tyrell.
They walk to Olenna, who is seated in the patio.
OLENNA: Kiss me, child.
Olenna extends her hand, and SANSA kisses it in greeting.
OLENNA: It's so good of you to visit me and my foolish flock of hens. We're very sorry for your losses.
SANSA: And I was sorry when I heard of Lord Renly's death, Lady Margaery. He was very gallant.
OLENNA: Gallant, yes. And charming and very clean. He knew how to dress and smile and somehow this gave him the notion he was fit to be king.
MARGAERY: Renly was brave and gentle, Grandmother. Father liked him and so did Loras.
OLENNA: Loras is young and very good at knocking men off horses with a stick. That does not make him wise. As to your fathead father-
MARGAERY: Grandmother! What will Sansa think of us?
OLENNA: She might think we have some wits about us. One of us, at any rate. It was treason. I warned them. Robert has two sons and Renly has an older brother. How could he possibly have any claim to that ugly iron chair? We should have stayed well out of all this if you ask me. But once the cow's been milked, there's no squirting the cream back up her udders. So here we are to see things through. What do you say to that, Sansa? Shall we have some lemon cakes?
SANSA: Lemon cake's my favorite.
OLENNA: So we've been told. (To the SERVANT) Are you going to bring the food or do you mean to starve us to death? Here, Sansa, come sit with me. I'm much less boring than these others.
They move to a table away from the others.
OLENNA: Do you know my son? The Lord of Highgarden?
SANSA: I haven't had the pleasure.
OLENNA: No great pleasure, believe me. A ponderous oaf. His father was an oaf as well. My husband, the late Lord Luthor. He managed to ride off a cliff whilst hawking. They say he was looking up at the sky and paying no mind to where his horse was taking him. And now my son is doing the same, only this time he's riding a lion instead of a horse. Now I want you to tell me the truth about this royal boy, this Joffrey.
SANSA: I--, I--
OLENNA: You, you. Who else would know better? We've heard some troubling tales. Is there any truth to them? Has this boy mistreated you?
SANSA looks down and doesn't reply.
OLENNA: Has he ripped out your tongue?
SANSA:  Joff-King Joffrey, he-His Grace is very fair and handsome and as brave as a lion
OLENNA: Yes, all Lannisters are lions. And when a Tyrell farts, it smells like a rose. But how kind is he? How clever? Has he a good heart, a gentle hand?
MARGAERY:  I'm to be his wife. I only want to know what that means.
A SERVANT approaches and brings a platter.
OLENNA: Bring me some cheese.
SERVANT: The cheese will be served after the cakes, my lady.
OLENNA: The cheese will be served when I want it served. And I want it served now.
The SERVANT nods and exits quickly.
OLENNA: Are you frightened, child? No need for that. We're only women here. Tell us the truth. No harm will come to you.
SANSA: My father always told the truth.
OLENNA: Yes, he had that reputation. And they named him traitor and took his head.
SANSA: Joffrey. Joffrey did that. He promised he would be merciful and he cut my father's head off. And he said that was mercy. Then he took me up on the walls and made me look at it.
SANSA holds back tears.
OLENNA: Go on.
SANSA regains her compsure.
SANSA: I-I can't. I never meant-my father was a traitor. My brother as well. I have traitor's blood. Please don't make me say anymore.
MARGAERY: She's terrified, Grandmother. Just look at her.
OLENNA: Speak freely, child. We would never betray your confidence, I swear it.
SANSA: He's a monster.
OLENNA: Ah. That's a pity.
SANSA: Please, don't stop the wedding.
OLENNA: Have no fear. The Lord Oaf of Highgarden is determined that Margaery shall be queen. Even so, we thank you for the truth. Ah, here comes my cheese.
The SERVANT sets down the tray and slips away. SANSA sighs in resignation.
EXT: Riverlands Woods
ROBB's forces move along a path through the woods. The direwolf Grey Wind watches as RICKARD KARSTARK and ROBB watch the men march past.
RICKARD KARSTARK: We're at war. This march is a distraction.
ROBB: My grandfather's funeral is not a distraction.  RICKARD KARSTARK: Are we riding to battle at Riverrun?
ROBB: No.  RICKARD KARSTARK: Then it's a distraction.
ROBB: My Uncle Edmure has his forces garrisoned there. We need his men.  RICKARD KARSTARK: Unless he's been breeding them, he don't have enough to make a difference.
ROBB: Have you lost faith in our cause?   RICKARD KARSTARK:  If it's revenge, I still got faith in it.
ROBB: You don't think we can win?  RICKARD KARSTARK:  May I speak my mind, Your Grace?
ROBB:  Have you not been speaking your mind, Lord Karstark?  RICKARD KARSTARK:  I think you lost this war the day you married her.
TALISA rides past.
EXT: A bit further up the path
CATELYN weaves a wooden circle bound with twine . TALISA rides up and dismounts with the help of a soldier, her mount whinnying.
TALISA: Whoa, whoa.
MAN: Your Grace.
CATELYN: You're afraid of her. And she knows it.
TALISA: I'm not afraid of her. May I help you, Lady Stark?
CATELYN: No.
TALISA: I'm sorry, I shouldn't have-
CATELYN: You can't help because a mother makes one for her children to protect them. Only a mother can make them.
TALISA: You've made them before?
TALISA sits.
CATELYN:  Twice.
TALISA: Did they work?
CATELYN:  After a fashion. I prayed for my son  Bran to survive his fall.
TALISA: (Nods.)
CATELYN: Many years before that, one of the boys came down with the pox. Maester Luwin said if he made it through the night, he'd live. But it would be a very long night. So I sat with him all through the darkness. Listened to his ragged little breaths, his coughing, his whimpering.
TALISA: Which boy?
CATELYN: Jon Snow. When my husband brought that baby home from the war, I couldn't bear to look at him. I didn't want to see those brown stranger's eyes staring up at me. So I prayed to the gods, take him away. Make him die. He got the pox. And I knew I was the worst woman who ever lived. A murderer. I'd condemned this poor, innocent child to a horrible death all because I was jealous of his mother. A woman he didn't even know. So I prayed to all seven gods, let the boy live. Let him live and I'll love him. I'll be a mother to him. I'll beg my husband to give him a true name, to call him Stark and be done with it, to make him one of us.
TALISA: And he lived.
CATELYN: And he lived. And I couldn't keep my promise. And everything that's happened since then all this horror that's come to my family it's all because I couldn't love a motherless child.
EXT: North of the Wall
The wildlings march through the mountains. JON and MANCE stop to talk.
MANCE: Was it hard for you to kill the Halfhand?
JON: Yes.
MANCE: You liked him? I like you, but if you're playing us false, it won't be hard for me to kill you. I've got wildling blood in my veins. These are my people.
JON: I understand.
MANCE: Well, how could you understand?
JON:  You want to protect your people.
MANCE: Do you know what it takes to unite 90 clans, half of whom want to massacre the other half for one insult or another? They speak seven different languages in my army. The Thenns hate the Hornfoots. The Hornfoots hate the ice-river clans. Everyone hates the cave people. So you know how I got moon worshippers and cannibals and giants to march together in the same army?
JON: No.
MANCE: I told them we were all going to die if we don't get south. Because that's the truth.
MANCE starts walking again.
CUT TO: A crag next to the marching forces.
MANCE and JON join TORMUND, YGRITTE and ORREL. ORREL sits, eyes white, looking up to a raven.
TORMUND: Shouldn't be long now.
JON: What's wrong with him?
MANCE: He's a warg. He can enter the mind of animals, see through their eyes. He's scouting for us.
YGRITTE: What, you've never met a warg?
The raven continues to circle overhead.
MANCE: Orell.
ORELL returns to consciousness.
MANCE: Where were you this time?
ORELL:  The Fist of the First Men.
MANCE: What did you see?
ORELL: Dead crows.
EXT: North of the Wall
The Night's Watch march through the snow covered mountains, looking exhausted.
RAST: What's the matter, Piggy? You crying 'cause you're cold? There's 200 brothers killed by dead men and you're still here whimpering. That seem fair to you? I seen 'em torn to pieces fighting while you was off somewhere hiding in a hole. Why don't you lie down and rest for a while, eh? You know you want to.
RAST moves ahead. SAM is drained. He falls to his knees. RAST looks back, satisfied. Then GRENN notices that SAM has given up. GRENN and EDDISON TOLLETT walk back to him
GRENN: Hey. Get up, Sam.
SAM: No.
GRENN: Get up.
SAM: I can't.
GRENN: If you stop, you'll die.
EDDISON TOLLETT: 'Course if you don't stop, you'll probably die, too.
SAM: You don't care.  EDDISON TOLLETT: 'Course we care.
SAM: You left me. When the white walkers came, you left me.
EDDISON TOLLETT: Aye, we left you. You're fat and you're slow. We didn't want to die.
GRENN: Help me get him up.
GRENN and EDDISON TOLLETT try to help SAM to his feet. RAST comes back to the trio.
RAST: Looks like that piggy is done for.
GRENN: Help us get him up.
RAST: He's slowing us down.
GRENN: Just get him up!
RAST:  Why? So the rest of us can die? We'll move faster without him.
JEOR comes back to see what is happening.
JEOR: What is this? Get up, Tarly. Is he all right?
GRENN:  Aye, I think so.
RAST: If he can't, we may as well just go without him.
JEOR: That's enough. Tarly, I forbid you to die. Do you hear me?
SAM: (nods)
RAST: Why should the rest of us-
JEOR: Rast you're responsible for him.
RAST: What am I supposed to do?
JEOR: Make sure he gets back alive. If he doesn't, you don't. Move on!
JEOR exits. SAM starts to follow, dazed and exhausted.
RAST:  I'm not dying for you, Piggy. You hear me?
They all walk on.
EXT: Woods in the North
BRAN lies sleeping on some furs. A branch snaps in the distance and he wakes with a start. OSHA and Summer are hunched and alert. OSHA has her makeshift spear at the ready.
BRAN: Where's Rickon and Hodor?
OSHA: Looking for food.
BRAN: What's out there?
OSHA creeps forward and then runs into the woods. Summer growls. A young figure approaches. He looks curiously at BRAN. Summer growls more fiercely. From behind him, OSHA places her spearpoint on JOJEN's neck.
OSHA:  Not another step, boy. Unless you want to drown in your own blood.
JOJEN: I'm unarmed.
OSHA: That was poor planning.
JOJEN: My sister carries the weapons.
MEERA appears quietly, slipping a knife to OSHA's throat, creating.a stand-off.
MEERA: I'm better with them. Drop the spear.
OSHA doesn't comply.
MEERA: Drop it.
OSHA releases the spear.
OSHA: If you kill me, that wolf will tear you to bits.
Summer continues to growl in warning. JOJEN approaches the direwolf.
JOJEN: You must be Summer.
Summer immediately stops growling. JOJEN holds out his hand. Summer sniffs it, and is pleased. The direwolf walks away. JOJEN approaches BRAN.
JOJEN: I'm Jojen Reed. This is my sister Meera. We've come a long way to find you, Brandon. And we have much farther to go.
EXT: Riverlands Woods
GENDRY, ARYA and HOT PIE walk through the woods, weapons drawn.
GENDRY: I'm just trying to understand.
ARYA: Would you please shut up about it?
GENDRY: Jaqen H'ghar offered you three kills.
ARYA: I'm not listening.
GENDRY: But just explain it to me. He offered to kill any three people you wanted. Dead. All you had to do was give him the names. Anyone. You could have picked King Joffrey.
ARYA: Shut up.
GENDRY: You could have picked Tywin Lannister.
ARYA: Jaqen got us out of Harrenhal, so why are you complaining?
GENDRY: But you could have ended the war.
ARYA: Where are we going?
GENDRY: North.
They pause in the woods.
ARYA: If we were going north, we should have come to the Red Fork River by now.
GENDRY: Maybe we already passed it.
ARYA: It's 100 feet wide. How could we have passed it? If we hit the Red Fork, we can follow it west to Riverrun. My mother grew up there. My grandfather he's a lord. He'll protect us.
They hear some far-away singing.
GENDRY: Could be a minstrel.
ARYA: Shut up.
THOROS: A lion still has claws  HOT PIE:  A minstrel's got gold sometimes. We could jump him, tie him up, steal his gold, and buy some food.
ARYA: Shh.
They crouch to hide behind a broken wall, and watch a handful of men approach. One is singing.
THOROS: And so he spoke, and so he spoke That Lord of Castamere But now the rains Weep o'er his hall With no one there to hear.
An arrow whistles past the trio, surprising them. It embeds in a tree trunk behind them. They spin to hide out of sight.
THOROS: What's lurking behind that wall? A lion? A wolf?
ANGUY:  Just a dirty little cub, I think.
THOROS: Loose a few more shafts.
ARYA steps out of hiding.
ARYA: Don't.
THOROS and ANGUY look down at her from the path. THOROS takes a deep drink.
THOROS: Put the sword down, girl.
ARYA: You go on down the road. Just keep on singing so we know where you are. Leave us be and I won't kill you.
ANGUY: Generous.
THOROS: You're a dangerous person. I like dangerous people. Why are your friends so shy?
ARYA: What friends?
ANGUY:  The fat to your left and the lad beside him.
Resigned, GENDRY steps out and pulls HOT PIE with him. They ready their weapons. THOROS responds, and his party swiftly comes over the wall to face the trio. They do not draw weapons.
THOROS: Three young ones on the run carrying castle-forged swords. You escape from Harrenhal?
ARYA: Who are you?
THOROS: Thoros of Myr. And the fellow here with the bow is Anguy.
ARYA: No, who do you fight for?
THOROS:  The Brotherhood without Banners. Now come along. I want to hear how two boys and a very dangerous girl escaped Harrenhal.
HOT PIE: I'm not going with them. The Brotherhood? That's who the Mountain and them lot were looking for. They'll bring us back and put rats in us.
THOROS: You've got nothing to fear from us, son. The lords of Westeros want to burn the countryside. We're trying to save it. Now come on. We'll talk some more over brown bread and stew. And then you can go on your way.
HOT PIE takes a few steps back. ANGUY notches an arrow in response. ARYA, GENDRY and HOT PIE raise their weapons, nervously.
ANGUY: Here's the thing, fat
ANGUY shoots the arrow into the sky.
ANGUY: When I'm done talking, that arrow's falling down on your fat head. So I advise you move, because I'm done talking.
HOT PIE lurches forward two steps. The arrow lands, burying itself where HOT PIE was just standing. THOROS motions for the trio to move with them. Some men chuckle, and then everyone scrambles over the broken wall in turn.
ANGUY: Half the country's starving and look at this one.
THOROS: Maybe he's the reason half the country's starving.
THOROS follows HOT PIE. ANGUY, pulls his arrow from the tree trunk.
INT: Tyrion's Chambers in King's Landing
TYRION returns to his quarters. SHAE lies waiting for him.
SHAE: My lion.
TYRION: We've spoken of this. You cannot come here.
They kiss.
SHAE: But you said I should come to you with any problems.
TYRION: Did anyone see you? No.
SHAE: No.
TYRION: You sure? My father does not make idle threats. Having you killed would be the high point of his week. You have to be absolutely certain.
They kiss again.
TYRION: All right. What is this problem?
SHAE:  I'm worried about Sansa. When she spoke with Lord Baelish, his friend warned me about him.
TYRION: Baelish doesn't have friends.
SHAE: I don't know her name.
TYRION: Oh, Ros? The redhead?
SHAE: How do you know her?
TYRION: I try to know as many people as I can. You never know which one you'll need.
SHAE: She's a whore.
TYRION: Yes, well, we shouldn't be judgmental about these things.
SHAE: You fucked her.
TYRION: Oh, please. All right, yes, I fucked her once. Twice.
SHAE slaps at his chest, playful, and stands up to walk from the bed to pout.
TYRION: But since I met you, my lady, I've been with no one else.
SHAE: And was she good? Did you like her?
TYRION: Not as much as I like you, obviously, or she'd be the one torturing me right now. What did she say about Littlefinger?
SHAE: That Sansa shouldn't trust him.
TYRION: Is there an idiot in any village who trusts Littlefinger?
SHAE: We have to protect her.
SHAE begins to pet him with affection.
TYRION: We can't. Now that the Lannisters have discarded her, Sansa will have many suitors. A great beauty with a very old name.
SHAE pushes him again.
SHAE: A great beauty? Oh, a great beauty?
TYRION: Yes, she is, objectively, very. Her face is quite pleasing-to other men and to women, people in general. But not to me, of course. I only have eyes for you.
SHAE: You pervert. You want her? This child?
TYRION:  I don't even want to talk about her.
SHAE: But you are.
TYRION: Only because you're making me.
SHAE grabs his chin and looks directly at him.
SHAE: I didn't force you to open your mouth and make words come out.
TYRION: This is cruel and unfair. Cruelly unfair.
SHAE: Oh, the cruelty. Shae is so cruel to me.
TYRION: Hmm, yes.
They kiss.
SHAE: Now do you think I'm cruel?
She begins to undress him.
TYRION: Only if you stop. But you mustn't come here again.
She kisses him,  loosens his cloths, and kisses him lower.
TYRION: Do you hear me? You've come to a dangerous place full of dangerous people. Dangerous people.
EXT: King's Landing Courtyard
MARGAERY walks through the courtyard, accompanied by guards.
INT: Joffrey's Chambers in King's Landing
JOFFREY sits holding his crossbow. A guard knocks on the door.
GUARD: Lady Tyrell, my king.
JOFFREY: Send her in.
The door opens, and MARGAERY enters.
MARGAERY: You wanted to see me, Your Grace?
JOFFREY:  I'm leaving on a hunting trip. I just wanted to make sure you had everything you need before I left.
MARGAERY: That's very thoughtful, Your Grace. I have everything I could want.
JOFFREY: Good. Good. How are you finding life in the capital? It must be quite a change after Renly's camp.
She approaches.
MARGAERY: A welcome one. A military encampment is no place for a lady.
JOFFREY: And the bedside of a traitor? Is that a place for a lady?
MARGAERY: Your Grace, I tried to do my duty as a wife, that is all.
JOFFREY: What was your duty to this traitor as you saw it?
MARGAERY: The duty of any wife to any husband-to provide him with children.
JOFFREY: You failed to do this.
MARGAERY: Why? I-I would not speak ill of the dead, Your Grace.
JOFFREY: You think one ought to speak kindly of a traitor merely because he's had a sword put through his heart?
MARGAERY: No. I do beg your pardon. The subtleties of politics are often lost on me. Renly I don't believe he was interested in the company of women.
JOFFREY: What makes you say this?
MARGAERY sits next to JOFFREY.
MARGAERY: Whenever I wanted to make a child with him, he-he had so many excuses, so many late-night war councils. He never wanted to try. Except one evening, after he'd had far too much wine to drink, he suggested something-something that sounded very painful and couldn't possibly result in children. Maybe the fault was with me.
JOFFREY: No, he was a known degenerate.
MARGAERY: It's such a relief to hear you say so, Your Grace.
JOFFREY: Mmm. I've considered making his perversion punishable by death.
MARGAERY: As is your right. You must do whatever you need to do.
MARGAERY strokes the crossbow.
MARGAERY: You are the king.
JOFFREY: Yes. I am.
JOFFREY looks at his crossbow, a bit excited.
JOFFREY: Do you like it? I just had it made. Probably one of the finest weapons in the Seven Kingdoms.
MARGAERY: It's beautiful. Will you show me how it works?
JOFFREY:  It's a new design. Much easier to load. There's no crank. You use this lever to draw the string.
JOFFREY uses the lever to cock the bow.
JOFFREY: The bolt goes here.
MARGAERY hands him the bolt, daintily. He takes it and arms the bow. He stands, weapon braced at his waist, and looks for a target.
JOFFREY: And then you just aim and
JOFFREY releases the bolt and pierces the head of a stuffed boar. MARGAERY erupts in applause and laughs. She stands.
MARGAERY: Would you take me hunting sometime? Forgive me, Your Grace. I know a hunt is no place for a woman.
JOFFREY: It's not unheard of.
MARGAERY:  May I? Please.
JOFFREY hands her the crossbow, and helps MARGAERY into a proper stance. They stand, posed and close.
MARGAERY: I imagine it must be so exciting to squeeze your finger here and watch something die over there.
JOFFREY: Could you do it? Could you kill something?.
MARGAERY:  I don't know, Your Grace Do you think I could?
JOFFREY: Yes.
MARGAERY: Would you like to watch me?
JOFFREY: Yes.
INT: Torture chamber
THEON screams as the TORTURER's ASSISTANT turns a huge screw that is planted on his foot.
THEON: Stop! Stop!
TORTURER: Tell us the truth.
THEON: (screaming) About what?
The ASSISTANT turns the screw again.
THEON: I don't know what you want.
TORTURER: I want the truth.
THEON: What truth?
TORTURER: Why'd you take Winterfell?
THEON: I took it to-I took it-
TORTURER: Who gave the orders?
THEON: No one. I took it on my own.
TORTURER: Why?
THEON: To take the North while it was vulnerable.
TORTURER: What were you going to do once you took it?
THEON: Hold it. Rule it.
TORTURER: Good. That's very good.
The ASSISTANT turns the screw again. Blood well ups around it as THEON screams.
THEON: Why did you do that?
TORTURER:  I told you. Why did you take Winterfell?
THEON:  I took it to bring glory to my house and my father.
The TORTURER approaches.
THEON: (panicking) Wait. Wait, wait, wait. I took it because I hated the Starks. I hated them for holding me prisoner. I wanted to hurt them.
The TORTURER steps even closer.
THEON: What are you doing?
The TORTURER places a hood over THEON's head.
THEON: Please.
The ASSISTANT turns the screw, and THEON screams. The TORTURER walks away, followed by his team. They leave one lowly cleaning boy, RAMSAY, behind.
THEON: I'll tell you anything. Just take it off. Please. Please, just take it off.
The door closes shut. RAMSAY removes the hood from THEON. He is surprised.
RAMSAY: Your sister sent me.
THEON: Yara?
RAMSAY releases the pressure on his foot.
RAMSAY: I'll come for you tonight when the castle sleeps.
RAMSAY places the hood back onto THEON's head, and leaves.
THEON: No, don't go. Please, please. No, please don't leave me. Please, please. Please, please don't go! Please. Please. Don't leave me. Please don't go.
EXT: The North
HODOR, RICKON, OSHA, Jojan and MEERA walk along a narrow road. HODOR pulls the cart carrying BRAN. The direwolves are nearby. RICKON, runs excitedly down the hill.
OSHA: Rickon, stay with us.
BRAN: It's all right. The wolves will protect him.
BRAN nods to Summer, who turns to follow RICKON. They continue on the path.
JOJEN: You can get inside his head, see through his eyes.
BRAN: Only when I'm asleep.
JOJEN: That's how it begins until you learn to control it. You're a warg.
BRAN: It's not just wolves. Sometimes in my dreams there's a-
JOJEN: A three-eyed raven?
BRAN: You've seen it?
JOJEN:  We saw him together. You haven't forgotten?
BRAN: Does it have anything to do with warging?
JOJEN:  No, the raven is something different, something deeper. The raven brings the sight.
BRAN: Seeing things that haven't happened yet?
JOJEN:  Or things that happened long before you were born or things that are happening right now thousands of miles away.
OSHA: What's he telling him?
MEERA: Why don't you ask?
OSHA:  Isn't he ashamed, your brother, needing you to protect him?
MEERA: Where's the shame in that?
OSHA: Any boy his age who needs his sister to protect him is gonna find himself needing lots of protecting.
MEERA: Some people will always need help. That doesn't mean they're not worth helping.
BRAN: When my father died, I dreamt it.
JOJEN: You didn't dream it. You saw it. So did I.
BRAN: You have the sight, too?
JOJEN: (Nods.) When I told my father about your father for the first time in my life, I saw him cry.
BRAN: Your father is Howland Reed? Yeah.
JOJEN: Yeah.
BRAN: He saved my father's life during the rebellion.
JOJEN: Your father told you about the rebellion? Mine never did. But I saw that, too.
BRAN: What else have you seen?
JOJEN:  Only one thing that matters-you.
EXT: Riverlands Tavern
The tavern is lively with  drinking and laughing
MAN: I never liked the skinny ones. Like drinking from a puddle. Not that I'm averse to drinking from a puddle every now and again, you understand.
Nearby, THOROS sits with ARYA, GENDRY and HOT PIE. He pours some ale for ARYA.
ARYA: I don't drink ale.
THOROS: There's no story so good a drink won't make it better.
MAN: Yeah!
THOROS: You see? They've all suffered through my bouts of sobriety. It's very tedious for all concerned. Now, how did three children-
ARYA: We're not children.
THOROS: How did three young persons such as yourselves, untrained in the art of war, escape from Harrenhal?
ARYA: Gendry's a smith. He was apprenticed in the armory.
THOROS: A smith, eh? Where'd you train?
GENDRY: King's Landing. Tobho Mott's shop.
THOROS: That criminal. He charges twice as much as every other armorer in the city.
GENDRY: That's because he's twice as good.
THOROS: Aha! A smith and a salesman.
ARYA: Gendry stole us weapons.
THOROS: Ah, fought your way out of Harrenhal, I see.
ARYA: He knows how to use a sword and so do I.
The men laugh.
ARYA: My brothers taught me.
The men laugh again. ARYA stands to prove herself. She draws her sword and points it at THOROS's throat.
MEN: Ooh!
THOROS looks at the blade, and feints a drink. Instead, he rises, draws his sword and disarms ARYA with a sweeping move of his blade. Surprised, ARYA steps backward, afraid. The men cheer. THOROS takes some dramatic and slightly drunken steps, then relents. He turns to rejoin the table, taking up some ale along the way.
THOROS: To your brothers!
The men cheer. ARYA meekly picks up her weapon and sits back down at the table, next to the silent GENDRY and HOT PIE.
THOROS: You can finish your meals before you go. It may be awhile before you see another.
ARYA: You'll free us?
THOROS: I gave you my word.
The trio rises. So does THOROS.  But before you go, allow me to raise a cup to your-
THOROS is interrupted by the smiling entrance of ANGUY and more brothers, with a large hooded captive. They are proud of their capture.
ANGUY : Hey, hey.
The men cheer.
THOROS: Now that is an uncommonly large person. How does one manage to subdue such an uncommonly large person?
ANGUY: One waits for him to drink until he passes out.
THOROS: Poor man. You have my sympathy.
He removes the hood. The captive is the HOUND. ARYA is worried, and turns away before she can be seen.
THOROS: Aha, not a man at all. A Hound!
The men howl in jest.
THOROS: So good to see you again, Clegane.
HOUND: Thoros? The fuck you doing here?
THOROS: Drinking and talking too much. Same as ever.
HOT PIE, GENDRY and ARYA start to leave.
THOROS: A pretty prize, lads.
MEN: Yeah!
The HOUND recognizes ARYA.
HOUND: Girl.
ARYA freezes, then turns to face him.
HOUND: What in seven hells are you doing with the Stark bitch?
EXT: Riverlands
JAIME and BRIENNE walk along a river and approach a stone bridge.
JAIME:  It's a tough decision-take the bridge and risk being seen or cross the great water.
BRIENNE: Silence, Kingslayer.
JAIME: Anyone can see us on the bridge, but cross by water and the current could take us or I could escape down the river.
BRIENNE: Good luck.
JAIME: It's wonderful to watch you wrestle with these dilemmas. Which will she choose?
CUT TO: The bridge.
BRIENNE and JAIME have chosen the bridge.
JAIME: Gambler at heart. Wouldn't have guessed.
BRIENNE: Be quick about it.
When they reach the middle of the bridge, JAIME sits down, back to the wall.
JAIME: I need to rest.
BRIENNE: Get up.
JAIME: I have these, you know, on your feet when you walk too far. What do you call them?
BRIENNE: Get up now.
She looks around, feeling nervous and exposed.
JAIME: Corns. I never used to get corns. Of course I used to ride everywhere, not march around like a common foot soldier wearing the same shit boots for over a year.
BRIENNE tires of his ploy. He grabs him and tries to make JAIME stand back up.
JAIME: This heel is ruined. There's no way-
JAIME takes his opportunity and grabs BRIENNE's sword from its sheath. He runs as far as he can before the rope stops him. He cuts it with the sword. His hands are still bound, but he measures the feel of the sword, and chuckles.
JAIME:  I never understood why some knights felt the need to carry two swords.
BRIENNE takes an aggressive stance. JAIME is playful and cavalier, trying to goad BRIENNE into making an ill-conceived move. She remains conservative in her tactics. They take stock of one another.
JAIME: Ooh. You move well for a great beast of a woman.
JAIME begins an attack. Their sword clash.
JAIME: You shouldn't grimace before you lunge. It gives away the game.
JAIME lunges again and pushes BRIENNE back. She counters, but he regains momentum. In a spinning move, they switch places.
JAIME: Bit of a quandary for you. If you kill me, you fail Lady Stark. But if you don't kill me, I'm going to kill you.
He attacks again. They end with their swords in contest and switch to a game of strength and leverage.
JAIME: You're good. Graceless, but good.
BRIENNE uses her hilt to break the deadlock with an upward thrust of her sword. They face off again. This time, BRIENNE goes on the attack. She gains the advantage, and knees him in the stomach.
JAIME: See? If you were willing to hurt me, you might have had me there.
JAIME spins to increase the force of his attacking blow, and drives BRIENNE back down the bridge. Their shouldersa collide and they face off once again, panting heavily. JAIME starts a new assault, but BRIENNE parries and gains the upper hand. She punches him in the jaw and he reels to the bridge wall. BRIENNE's next blow misses, but ignites sparks on the wall. BRIENNE grows stronger and confident as JAIME is beaten. Exhausted, he ends up on the ground. A horse neighs just off the bridge, and BRIENNE looks to locate who has joined them. Three mounted men ride out from the woods, with additional forces behind.
LOCKE: Looks like your woman's getting the better of you, if you can call that a woman.
JAIME: We enjoy a good fight. Gets our juices flowing. The Flayed Man of House Bolton. A bit gruesome for my taste.
LOCKE: You sure he's the one?
The MAN that JAIME and BRIENNE encountered in the woods  is brought forth.
MAN:  That's him, all right. I saw him fight at the tourney for Ser Willem Frey's wedding.
LOCKE: Give the man his silver.
JAIME: Let us go and my father will pay you whatever you want.
LOCKE: Enough to buy me a new head? If the King in the North hears I had the Kingslayer and let him go, he'll be taking it right off. I'd rather he takes yours.
The mounted men move forward onto the bridge. BRIENNE and JAIME step backward, with no options available to hold off such numbers.
EXT: Riverrun
ROBB and BRYNDEN TULLY, waist deep in the river, release the funeral boat of HOSTER TULLY. They return to the dock to rejoin the somber and silent CATELYN and  TALISA.  EDMURE steps forward, holding a bow while the others look on. He lights the arrow and fires an arcing shot at the distant boat. The arrow splashes wide of its mark. Perturbed and embarrassed, EDMURE looks back, then draws another arrow to ignite. He shoots, and this arrow also splashes errantly, while the boat drifts further downstream. The large crowd near the dock murmurs. ROBB laughs under his breath and BRYNDEN looks impatient. EDUMRE takes a breath and unleashes a nervous shot that also splashes uselessly. Fed up, BRYNDEN pushes EDMURE aside and takes his bow. CATELYN, ROBB and TALISA try to maintain their composure. BRYNDEN lights an arrow, aims carefully, and unleashes an arcing shot. As the arrow flies, he turns and tosses the bow back to EDMURE, and walks off. Moments later, the arrow lands in the boat, setting it aflame. CATELYN is relieved. BRYNDEN continues to walk away. EDMURE watches as the flaming boat disappears at the river's bend.
INT: Riverrun war room, later
EDMURE: If I may, nephew, I encountered a situation with one of my lieutenants at the Stone Mill which may have some bearing--
BRYNDEN: Why don't you shut your mouth about that damned mill? And don't call him "nephew." He is your king.
EDMURE: Robb knows I meant him no disr--
BRYNDEN: You're lucky I'm not your king. I wouldn't let you wave your blunders around like a victory flag.
EDMURE: My blunder sent Tywin's mad scurrying back to Casterly Rock with his tail between his legs. I think King Robb understands we're not gonna win this war if he's the only one winning any battles. No, there's glory enough to go around.
ROBB: It's not about glory. Your instructions were to wait for him to come to you.
EDMURE: I seized an opportunity.
ROBB: What value was the mill?
EDMURE: The Mountain was garrisoned across the river from it.
ROBB: Is he there now? Of course not.
EDMURE: We took the fight to him. He could not withstand us.
ROBB: I wanted to draw the Mountain into the west, into our country where we could surround him and kill him. I wanted him to chase us, which he would have done because he is a mad without a strategic thought in his head. I could have that head on a spike by now. Instead, I have a mill.
EDMURE: We took hostages. Willem Lannister. Martyn Lannister.
ROBB: Willem and Martyn Lannister are 14 years old.
BRYNDEN: Martyn is 15, I believe.
ROBB: Tywin Lannister has my sisters. Have I sued for peace?
EDMURE: No.
ROBB: Do you think he'll sue for peace because we have his father's brother's great-grandsons?
EDMURE: No.
ROBB: How many men did you lose?
EDMURE:  But for every man we lost, the Lannisters--
ROBB: We need our men more than Tywin needs his!
EDMURE: I'm sorry. I didn't know.
ROBB:  You would have. Right here today at this gathering if you had been patient.
BRYNDEN: We seem to be running short of patience here.
ROBB: You know who isn't? Tywin Lannister.
INT: King's Landing, the Small Council chamber.
TYWIN stands by the head of the table. PYCELLE, VARYS, and LITTLEFINGER enter silently. TYRION enters next. TYWIN sits, then PYCELLE, VARYS, and LITTLEFINGER join him. TYRION remains still, while CERSEI enters and surveys the room.  She pauses, then walks to the table. She picks up one of the two remaining empty chairs and places it directly next to TYWIN, then sits while the others smirk. TYRION comes forward, and drags the final chair noisily (and comically) to the opposite head of the table. He sits.
TYRION: Intimate. Lovely table. Better chairs than the old small council chamber. Conveniently close to your own quarters. I like it.
TYWIN: What news of Jaime?
No one answers.
TYWIN: 20,000 unwashed northerns have known about his escape for weeks. Collectively, you control more spies and informants than the rest of the world combined. Do you mean to tell me that none of you has any notion of where he is?
VARYS: We are trying, my lord.
TYWIN:  Try harder. What do we have, then?
VARYS: Robb Stark and most of his bannermen are in Riverrun for the funeral of his grandfather Lord Hoster Tully. In Stark's absence, Roose Bolton holds Harrenhal, which would seem to make him Lord of Harrenhal, in practice if not in name.
TYWIN:  Well, let him have it. The name suits our purposes far more than that useless pile of rubble. The Lord of Harrenhal will make a worthy suitor for the widow Arryn.
LITTLEFINGER: For which I am extremely grateful to you, my lord.  Lady Arryn and I have known each other since we were children. She has always been positively predisposed toward me.
PYCELLE: A successful courtship would make Lord Baelish acting Lord of the Vale.
LITTLEFINGER: Titles do seem to breed titles.
TYWIN: You'll leave for the Eyrie as soon as possible and bring Lysa Arryn into the fold. Then the young wolf can add his own aunt to the list of people who have taken up arms against him.
TYRION: Far be it from me to hinder true love, but Lord Baelish's absence would present certain problems. The royal wedding may end up being the most expensive event in living memory. Summer has ended, hard days lie ahead. Not a good time to leave the crown's finances unattended.
TYWIN: Fully agreed. Which is why I'm naming you new Master of Coin.
CERSEI: (chuckles)
TYRION: Master of Coin?
TYWIN:  It would appear to be a position that best suits your talents.
TYRION: I'm quite good at spending money, but a lifetime of outrageous wealth hasn't taught me much about managing it.
CERSEI: I have no doubt you will prove equal to this challenge.
PYCELLE: Hear, hear.
EXT: Riverlands Woods
LOCKE's forces ride through the woods, singing.
MEN: (singing) He lifted her high in the air. He sniffed and roared and smelled her there. She kicked and wailed, a maid so fair. But he licked the honey from her hair. From there to here, from here to there. All black and brown and covered with hair. He smelled that girl in the summer air. The bear, the bear and the maiden fair.
Behind the singing soldiers, BRIENNE and JAIME are bound together, back to back, atop a single horse. JAIME suffers the indignity of facing backwards.
JAIME:  I hope you're pleased. If you had armed me, they never would have taken us.
BRIENNE: You were armed when we were taken.
JAIME: I was in chains if you recall. Our little match would have ended quite quick if my hands weren't bound.
BRIENNE: All my life I've been hearing, 'Jaime Lannister, what a brilliant swordsman.' You were slower than I expected. And more predictable.
JAIME: I've been sitting in a muddy pen wrapped in chains for the past year.
BRIENNE: And I'm a woman. I was still beating you.
JAIME: You were not beating me.
BRIENNE: Maybe you were as good as people said once. Or maybe people just love to overpraise a famous name.
JAIME: When we make camp tonight, you'll be raped. More than once. None of these fellows have ever been with a noblewoman. You'd be wise not to resist.
BRIENNE:  Would I?
JAIME: They'll knock your teeth out.
BRIENNE: You think I care about my teeth?
JAIME: No, I don't think you care about your teeth. If you fight them, they will kill you. Do you understand? I'm the prisoner of value, not you. Let them have what they want. What does it matter?
BRIENNE: What does it matter?
JAIME: Close your eyes. Pretend they're Renly.
BRIENNE: If you were a woman, you wouldn't resist? You'd let them do what they wanted?
JAIME:  If I was a woman, I'd make them kill me. But I'm not, thank the gods.
EXT: Riverlands
The camp of the Brotherhood without Banners is bustling. GENDRY helps THOROS to put on his armor. ARYA sits nearby, watching.
GENDRY: If I had a proper forge, I could make it good as new.
THOROS: Doesn't have to look pretty. It just has to keep the arrows out of my heart.
ARYA: Why are you helping him? He takes us prisoner and now he's our friend?
THOROS:  You're not our prisoner, little lady.
ARYA:  What am I?
THOROS: Our guest. No one's put any chains on you.
ARYA: So I can walk away, then?
THOROS: These woods aren't safe for Ned Stark's daughter. ou're lucky we found you.
Arya gets up and walks away, frustrated. ANGUY and some men lead the bound HOUND through the camp.
HOUND: You think you're good with that bow, you little twat?
ANGUY: Better than anyone you've ever met.
HOUND: A coward's weapon. I like to fight up close. I like to see a man's face when I put the steel in him.
ANGUY: Why? So you can kiss him?
ARYA:  You remember the last time you were here?
HOUND: Looks like every other shit inn on the road.
ANGUY places a hood over the HOUND's head.
ANGUY: Now, apologies, but you're one ugly fucker and I'd rather not see you no more.
ANGUY helps the HOUND into the wagon, and guides his hooded head to hit the top of the doorway.
ANGUY: (sarcastically) Watch your head. Off we go.
ANGUY pounds the side of the wagon.
DRIVER: Walk up!
ARYA watches the wagon drive away while GENDRY packs up. HOT PIE enters, holding some bread.
ARYA:  What are you doing? We're about to leave.  Hot PIE: I'm staying.
GENDRY: You're what?
HOT PIE:  I baked some brown bread for the innkeep and she said she never had better. Told Thoros she's keeping me as a payment for all the free meals she's given him. Anyway, it's not me the Brotherhood wants. My brother ain't no king. I'm not a Stark of Winterhell.
ARYA: Winterfell.
HOT PIE:  You sure?
ARYA: I'm sure.  Hot PIE: Well, I made you something.
HOT PIE hands ARYA the bread that he baked. It is shaped like an animal of some sort.
ARYA: What is it?
HOT PIE:  It's a wolf.
GENDRY: Yes, it is.
ARYA:	 That's the tail?
HOT PIE: Yeah.
GENDRY: Well, be safe.
HOT PIE: Yeah, you, too. Don't get stabbed.
GENDRY: You don't burn your fingers.
GENDRY pats HOT PIE's shoulder, grabs his pack, and exits.
ARYA: Good-bye, Hot Pie.
HOT PIE: Good-bye, Arry.
ARYA walks away and joins a brother on a horse.
MAN: Up you go, little lady.
ARYA takes a bite of the bread as they ride away.
ARYA: Hey, Hot Pie. It's really good.
INT: Riverrun great hall
CATELYN and BRYNDEN gaze out a grand window from within the castle, appreciating the beauty of the Riverlands.
CATELYN: A person could almost be forgiven for forgetting we're at war.
BRYNDEN: It often comforts me to think that even in war's darkest days, in most places in the world absolutely nothing is happening.
CATELYN: I've missed you, Uncle. Father missed you, too, from the day you left. Maybe he never said it in so many words--
BRYNDEN: Maybe? Your father was a stubborn old ox. I was surprised when he died. Didn't think death had the patience.
CATELYN: I'm glad you were with him. I wish to the gods I had been. Did you make peace in the end?
BRYNDEN: After 30 years of fighting, I don't think he remembered what started it. He asked me to stop calling myself Blackfish. He said it was an old joke and it was never funny to begin with. I told him people had been calling me Blackfish for so long, they don't remember my real name.
CATELYN: Every time he would leave for the capital or fight in a campaign, I'd see him off. 'Wait for me, little Cat,' he'd say. 'Wait for me and I'll come back to you.' And I would sit at this window every day when the sun came up, waiting. I wonder how many times did Bran or Rickon stare across the moors of Winterfell waiting for me to return. I will never see them again.
CATELYN begins to weep. BRYNDEN sits to comfort her.
BRYNDEN: You mustn't think it. We don't know the truth. They could be in hiding. Robb believes they're alive. And he must go on believing. He's got to remain strong if he's to prevail. And you must remain strong for him.
CATELYN: (Sighs.)
INT: Riverrun dungeon.
TALISA tends to MARTYN LANNISTER's arm while WILLEM LANNISTER looks on.
MARTYN: You're Robb Stark's wife.
TALISA: Hold still.
MARTYN: Is it true what they say about him?
TALISA: I don't know. What do they say about him?
MARTYN:  That he can turn into a wolf at night.
TALISA: True.
MARTYN: And he eats the flesh of his enemies.
TALISA: True. You're a Lannister, aren't you?
MARTYN: Martyn Lannister.
TALISA: Martyn Lannister. You've nothing to fear. My husband doesn't eat children. Unless it's a full moon. It's not a full moon tonight, is it? See? Nothing to fear.
EXT: North of the Wall
MANCE, TORMUND, JON, YGRITTE and ORELL walk through a winter storm. MANCE kneels down.
MANCE: Always the artists.
The camera pans up to reveal a huge spiral of  horse carcasses, dismembered and frozen in a horrific but almost beautiful.
JON: It's only horses. No men.
YGRITTE: You said there was dead crows.
ORELL: There was.
MANCE: How many men were here?
JON: About 300.
MANCE: And you know what those men are now?
JON: (Nods)
JON: Do you think anyone got away?
MANCE: It's not impossible. You don't go far betting against Mormont. But dead or alive, he took a big gamble coming north. And he lost. His best fighting men are dead. And whether he's Lord Commander of the Night's Watch or a blue-eyed corpse, he's a long way from home. Tormund. Climb the Wall. Take Orell and 20 good men. And take this one. He knows Castle Black's defenses better than any of us. And if he's useful, good. If not throw him off the Wall. See if crows can fly.
TORMUND: We're finally going to war, old friend?
MANCE: Hide near Castle Black. When I give the signal, hit them in the night. They've got a big old wall to hide behind, but it only guards one side.
MANCE and TORMUND embrace.
TORMUND:  We'll meet again.
MANCE:  Aye.  If you do your job.  Ah.
ORELL: How will we see your signal?
MANCE: Send your eagle above the Wall every night. When it's time, I'm going to light the biggest fire the North has ever seen.
EXT: Craster's Keep, night
The Night's Watch continues its brutal march. They have reached a large farmhouse complex. As they approach, the women scatter and flee. SAM sees the white direwolf nearby.
SAM: Ghost?
They approach the main doorway, led by JEOR and are met by CRASTER.
CRASTER: What have we here? Frozen crows?
JEOR: We've come a long way.
CRASTER: Smaller flock than you went north with.
JEOR: We can talk inside.
CRASTER: Oh, can we?
CRASTER takes stock in silence. The Night's Watch is ready to force their way in, if necessary.
CUT TO: Inside Craster's Keep.
The men sit by the fire in a tense silence. Nearby, a woman wails. Some younger girls observe from the rafters. Women tend to the animals outside.
WOMAN: They need some water.
WOMAN #2: Tether it and I'll be inside.
CRASTER: Keep your eyes where they belong. They're not for you.  Karl TANNER: Bet you feed that pig better than you feed us.
CRASTER: Aye, pig's got value to me. You should all be kissing my feet for letting you in. I'd have turned you all away if I wasn't a godly man.
JEOR: You are a godly man?
CRASTER: I am. I got no fear of what's out there. When the white cold comes, your swords and cloaks and bloody fires won't help you. The only ones left will be those who are right with the gods. The real gods.
The woman continues to wail in another room. Another woman pours some water for CRASTER.
CRASTER: Go tell her she can bite down on a rag or she can bite down on my fist. Women. That sow right there gave birth to a litter of eight. Barely a grunt. (Pointing to SAM) And she's almost as fat as this one here.  Now why don't you dine on him? Carve off what you need as you go. Well, look at him. He's a walking feast.
CRASTER laughs uncontrollably. SAM stands and exits.
CUT TO: Craster's Keep courtyard.
SAM walks outside. He follows the sound of the wailing, and peers into the small hut where GILLY is giving birth.
WOMAN: Here we are.
WOMAN #2: Sharpen these for me, would ya?
WOMAN #3: I see the head. Push.
WOMAN: That's it. You're nearly there. One more push should do it.
The baby comes and the women tend to the newborn.
GILLY: (desperate) What is it? What is it?
GILLY sees that the baby is a boy and her face falls. Then she notices SAM peering in. He exits quickly.
INT: Torture room, night.
THEON is still hooded and strapped to the cross. The door clanks open. RAMSAY enters, removes the hood and starts to undo THEON's bindings.
RAMSAY: Keep quiet.
THEON groans and RAMSEY frees him, and lowers him to the floor. THEON takes a desperate drink of water from the flask that RAMSEY offers. He tries to stand.
RAMSEY: If you can't ride, we don't stand a chance.
THEON: I can ride.
RAMSAY: You're sure?
RAMSEY douses the light as they prepare to leave.
CUT TO: Outside.
THEON painfully mounts the house that RAMSAY has procured.
RAMSAY: Ride east. Follow the rising sun. Your sister's waiting for you.
THEON: I'll make you a Lord of the Iron Islands for this.
RAMSAY: We're not in the Iron Islands. Go.
THEON rides away.
THEON:  Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on.
EXT. Storm's End shoreline, day.
STANNIS and MELISANDRE walk to the craggy shore where some men hold a boat at the ready.
MAN: Come on back.
STANNIS: You refuse to tell me where you're going?
MELISANDRE: I don't know yet. The fires will show me.
STANNIS:  How long will you be gone?
MELISANDRE: I don't know.
STANNIS: You're abandoning me.
MELISANDRE: I will never abandon you. You are the Son of Fire.  I am sworn to serve you.
STANNIS:  Then serve me.
MELISANDRE: When I return, you will understand.
MELISANDRE starts to walk away, but STANNIS stops her.
STANNIS: My enemies think they've destroyed me. They're laughing at me the way Renly laughed at me. I want Joffrey dead. I want Robb Stark dead. Make me another son.
MELISANDRE: I cannot.
STANNIS: Why?
MELISANDRE: You don't have the strength. It would kill you.
STANNIS: I'm not so easily killed. Men have been trying for years.
He clasps her to him.
STANNIS: (whispering) I want you.
MELISANDRE does not respond, and he is disappointed. She looks at STANNIS with concern.
MELISANDRE: Your fires burn low, my king.
He starts to walk away.
MELISANDRE: There is another way. A better way.
STANNIS: You told me your magic requires a king's blood.
MELISANDRE:  Yes.
STANNIS:  I'm the one true king.
MELISANDRE: You are. But there are others with your blood in their veins. You will sit on the Iron Throne, but first there must be sacrifices. The Lord of Light demands it.
She walks to the boat.
EXT. Astapor
DAENERYS, JORAH and BARRISTAN walk along the shoreline parapet in the bright sun. A series of tortured slaves on crucifixes line the walkway.
BARRISTAN: The Walk of Punishment is a warning, Your Grace.
DAENERYS:  To whom?
BARRISTAN: To any slave who contemplates doing whatever these slaves did.
DAENERYS: Give me your water.
JORAH: Khaleesi, this man has been sentenced to death.
JORAH gives DAENERYS his canteen. She steps up to a bloodied man and offers a drink. He refuses.
DAENERYS: Here, drink.
BARRISTAN: Leave this place, Your Grace. Leave tonight, I beg you.
JORAH: And what is she to do for soldiers?
BARRISTAN: We can find sellswords in Pentos and Myr.
JORAH: Is it 'we' already, Ser Barristan? If you want to sit on the throne your ancestors built, you must win it. That will mean blood on your hands before the thing is done.
DAENERYS: The blood of my enemies, not the blood of innocents.
DAENERYS hands back the canteen, and they continue their walk.
JORAH: How many wars have you fought in, Ser Barristan?
BARRISTAN: Three.
JORAH:  Have you ever seen a war where innocents didn't die by the thousands?
BARRISTAN: (Shakes his head.)
JORAH: I was in King's Landing after the sack, khaleesi. You know what I saw? Butchery. Babies, children, old men. More women raped than you can count. There's a beast in every man and it stirs when you put a sword in his hand. But the Unsullied are not men. They do not rape. They do not put cities to the sword unless they're ordered to do so. If you buy them, the only men they'll kill are those you want dead.
DAENERYS: Do you disagree, Ser Barristan?
BARRISTAN: When your brother Rhaegar led his army into battle at the Trident, men died for him because they believed in him, because they loved him, not because they'd been bought at a slaver's auction. I fought beside the last dragon on that day, Your Grace. I bled beside him.
JORAH: Rhaegar fought valiantly, Rhaegar fought nobly, and Rhaegar died.
DAENERYS: Did you know him well, Ser Barristan?
BARRISTAN: I did, Your Grace. Finest man I ever met.
DAENERYS: I wish I had known him. But he was not the last dragon.
They approach an impressive round structure with a huge, golden winged statue crouched atop it.
CUT TO: A courtyard of the building
DAENERYS, JORAH and BARRISTAN stand before a raised platform where KRAZNYS MO NAKLOZ and GREIZHEN sit and MISSANDEI stands.
MISSANDEI: All? Did this one's ears mishear, Your Grace?
DAENERYS: They did not. I want to buy them all.
MISSANDEI: (speaking Valerian) She wants to buy them all.
KRAZNYS: (speaking Valerian) She can't afford them. The slut thinks that she can flash her tits, and make us give her whatever she wants.
MISSANDEI: There are 8,000 Unsullied in Astapor. Is this what you mean by all?
DAENERYS: Yes. 8,000. And the ones still in training as well.
GREIZHEN: (speaking Valerian) If they fail on the battlefield, they will shape Astapor.
MISSANDEI: Master Greizhen says they cannot sell half-trained boys. If they fail on the battlefield, they will bring shame upon all of Astapor.
DAENERYS: I will have them all or take none. Many will fall in battle. I'll need the boys to pick up the swords they drop.
KRAZNYS: (speaking Valerian) The slut cannot pay for all of this.
MISSANDEI: Master Kraznys says you cannot afford this.
KRAZNYS: (speaking Valerian) Her ship will buy her 100 Unsullied, no more.
MISSANDEI: Your ship will buy you Because Master Kraznys is generous.
KRAZNYS: (speaking Valerian) And this is because I like the curve of her ass.
MISSANDEI: The gold you have left is worth 10.
KRAZNYS: (speaking Valerian) What is left will buy her 10. I will give her 20 if it stops her ignorant whimpering.
MISSANDEI: But good Master Kraznys will give you 20.
KRAZNYS: (speaking Valerian) Her Dothraki smell of shit but will be useful as pig feed.
MISSANDEI: The Dothraki you have with you--
KRAZNYS: (speaking Valerian) I will give her 3 for those.
MISSANDEI:  The Dothraki you have are not worth what they cost to feed, but Master Kraznys will give you three Unsullied for all of them.
KRAZNYS: (speaking Valerian) So, ask this beggar queen how will she pay for the remaining 7,877?
MISSANDEI: Master Kraznys asks how you propose to pay for the remaining 7,877 unsullied.
DAENERYS has been looking at the young enslaved children who watch from above.
DAENERYS:  I have dragons. I'll give you one.
MISSANDEI: (speaking Valerian)
KRAZNYS looks shocked.
BARRISTAN: You will win the throne with dragons, not slaves, Your Grace.
JORAH: Khaleesi, please.
DAENERYS approaches the platform.
KRAZNYS: Three dragons.
DAENERYS:  One.
KRAZNYS:  Two.
DAENERYS: One.
KRAZNYS consults with GREIZHEN.
KRAZNYS: (speaking Valerian)
MISSANDEI: They want the biggest one.
DAENERYS:  Done.
KRAZNYS:  Done.
DAENERYS: I'll take you as well, now. You'll be Master Kraznys' gift to me. A token of a bargain well struck.
MISSANDEI: (speaking Valerian) She asks that you give me to her, as a present. She asks that you do this now.
CUT TO: outside the courtyard.
DAENERYS strides purposefully. JORAH and BARRISTAN try to keep up.
JORAH: Khaleesi, a dragon is worth more than any army.
BARRISTAN: Aegon Targaryen proved that.
DAENERYS: You're both here to advise me. I value your advice, but if you ever question me in front of strangers again, you'll be advising someone else. Is that understood?
JORAH and BARRISTAN nod. DAENERYS walks away and joins MISSANDEI
DAENERYS: Do you have a name?
MISSANDEI: This one's name is Missandei, Your Grace.
DAENERYS: Do you have a family? A mother and a father you'd return to if you had the choice?
MISSANDEI: No, Your Grace. No family living.
DAENERYS: You belong to me now. It is your duty to tell me the truth.
MISSANDEI: Yes, Your Grace. Lying is a great offense. Many of those on the Walk of Punishment were taken there for less.
DAENERYS: I offered water to one of the slaves dying on the Walk of Punishment. Do you know what he said to me? 'Let me die.'
MISSANDEI: There are no masters in the grave, Your Grace.
DAENERYS: Is it true what Master Kraznys told me about the Unsullied? About their obedience?
MISSANDEI: All questions have been taken from them. They obey, that is all. Once they are yours, they are yours. They will fall on their swords if you command it.
DAENERYS: And what about you? You know that I'm taking you to war. You may go hungry. You may fall sick. You may be killed.
MISSANDEI: Valar morghulis.
DAENERYS: Yes, all men must die. But we are not men.
INT: Littlefinger's brothel.
ROS kneels at a hidden compartment in the floor. She hands PODRICK a series of ledgers. He admires her assets. She notices.
TYRION: A surprising place to keep the royal ledgers.
LITTLEFINGER: I'm surprised you're surprised. This is the safest place in the city.
TYRION: Not for bastards.
ROS: That's all of them, my lord.
LITTLEFINGER: Thank you, my dear.
TYRION: Pod. Pod. Take them outside. I'll be there in a moment.
PODRICK:  Yes, my lord.
PODRICK wheels the ledges away in a cart. ROS exits as well.
LITTLEFINGER: I hear you owe that boy a significant debt.
TYRION: Only my life. Not all that significant, I'm afraid.
LITTLEFINGER: You should have him knighted.
TYRION: If only the Master of Coin had such power.
LITTLEFINGER: If only. I owe you a significant debt. Our redheaded friend. You secured her release when the queen detained her.
TYRION: Oh, that. Of course. A simple misunderstanding.
LITTLEFINGER: Apparently, Her Grace believed that you two had some sort of special relationship.
TYRION: We don't. I did fuck her once.
LITTLEFINGER:  I know.
TYRION:  But we don't.
LITTLEFINGER: I know. But how would the queen get that idea?
TYRION: Why don't you ask her? Any advice for me on my new position?
LITTLEFINGER: Keep a low profile.
TYRION: If I had a gold dragon for every time I heard that joke, I'd be richer than you are.
LITTLEFINGER: Well, you are richer than I am.
TYRION: Good point.
LITTLEFINGER: They're only numbers. Numbers on paper. Once you understand that, it's easy to make them behave. Trivial even. You want a real challenge? Try whores.
TYRION: I've tried quite a few. Well, lots of work to do. Enjoy the Eyrie.
CUT TO: The hallway outside Littlefinger's chambers.
TYRION walks into the hall. BRONN is chatting with a prostitute, and PODRICK stands by his wagon.
BRONN: Come on, I'm here later. Come on.
BRONN hops down and follows TYRION. BRONN trails with the wagon.
BRONN: Tonight, then. Looks like dull reading.
TYRION: You think all reading is dull reading.
BRONN: It's an opinion I share with some of the finest men I know.
TYRION: The secret history of the Seven Kingdoms is written in these pages.
BRONN: Unless Lord Twatbeard made up a bunch of numbers to hide what he's really up to.
TYRION: Unless he made it all up, yes.  Podrick, do keep up.
PODRICK:  Yes, my lord.
TYRION:  Podrick.
PODRICK:  Yes, my lord?
TYRION: After a long consultation with my colleague Ser Bronn, I finally found a suitable reward for the services you've provided over and above what might be considered reasonable. Tell me, Pod, have you ever been with a woman?
They open a door and enter a chamber. GENNA, naked, lies on the bed.
PODRICK: No, my lord.
TYRION:  Wonderful. Genna specializes in first-timers.
BRONN: She's not bad with second-timers, either.
PODRICK: Uh, my lord
GENNA walks over to PODRICK, smiling, and places her hands on him.
TYRION: A fair enough repayment for putting your spear through my would-be killer's face, wouldn't you say?
TYRION walks further into the chamber, and pushes aside a curtain, revealing the naked MAREI.
TYRION: Now, as it happens, Marei is quite the spear handler herself. She's here to thank you for staying by my side as the battle raged all around me.
MAREI walks over to PRODICK, and begins to help KALYA to undress him.
MAREI: He's handsome. You didn't tell me he was handsome.
TYRION reveals the acrobatic KAYLA, who crawls to join the other.
TYRION: Kayla is famous from here to Volantis in certain circles. One of four women in the world who can perform a proper Meereenese Knot.
PODRICK: My lord, I don't even
TYRION:  She's here to thank you for being a thoroughly respectful fellow who's never once failed to address me as 'my lord.
KAYLA performs an impressive and seductive back bend for PODRICK.
TYRION: Be back in time for my supper.
TYRION leaves a small purse. BRONN wheels out the cart as he and TYRION exit.
BRONN: Pace yourself, lad.
INT. Tyrion's chambers.
TYRION pours over the ledgers. BRONN wanders through the room, inspecting various objects, not impressed by any.
TYRION: For years I've heard that Littlefinger is a magician. Whenever the crown needs money, he rubs his hands together and, poof, mountains of gold.
BRONN: Let me guess. He's not a magician.
TYRION: No.
BRONN:  He's stealing it?
TYRION: Worse, he's borrowing it.
BRONN: What's wrong with that?
TYRION: We can't afford to pay it back, that's what's wrong with it. The crown owes millions to my father.
BRONN: Seeing as it's his grandson's ass on the throne, I imagine he'll forgive that debt.
TYRION: Forgive a debt, my father? For a man of the world, you're strangely naive.
BRONN: I've never borrowed money before. I'm not clear on the rules.
TYRION: Well Ahem! The basic principle is I lend you money, and after an agreed upon period of time, you return it with interest.
BRONN: And what if I don't?
TYRION: Well, you have to.
BRONN: But what if I don't?
TYRION: This is why I don't lend you money. Anyway, it's not my father I'm worried about. It's the Iron Bank of Braavos. We owe them tens of millions. If we fail to repay these loans, the bank will fund our enemies. One way or another, they always get their gold back.
PODRICK enters.
TYRION: Ah, the return of the conquering hero. Does he have a little jaunt in his step?
BRONN: The lad's practically skipping.
TYRION: You were gone a long time. I trust you got your money's worth. Or should I say my money's worth?
PODRICK returns the purse to TYRION.
TYRION: Oh, it was a gift, Podrick. This is more than I give you in a year.
BRONN: He's a squire. You don't pay him.
TYRION: Oh, then it's much more than I give you in a year.
PODRICK: They wouldn't take it, my lord.
BRONN: Maybe they're trying to curry some favor with the new Master of Coin.
TYRION: Have you ever known a whore to turn down gold? They were happy enough to take it when I gave it to them.
BRONN: What did you tell them?
PODRICK: I didn't tell them anything.
TYRION:  What did you do to them?
PODRICK: Lots of things.
TYRION: And they seemed to like these things?
PODRICK: Yes, my lord.
BRONN: Of course they seemed to like it. They're paid to seem to like it.
TYRION: Only they weren't paid.
BRONN: What are you saying? These ladies enjoyed him so much, they gave him the time for free?
TYRION: Is that what you're telling us?  {PODRICK doesn't deny it.
TYRION: Sit down, Podrick.
TYRION grabs some wine. BRONN clears the table and has PODRICK sit.
TYRION: We're going to need details. Copious details.
TYRION pours wine for everyone.
EXT: Hills, morning somewhere
Theon rides at a clip. He looks in anticipation for his sister. An arrow flies past his head, and he gasps. He cannot figure out where the arrow came from. Over the rise, four mounted soldiers appear, galloping towards him. Theon spurs on his mount in panic.
THEON: Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on.
The soldiers close the distance to THEON. His horse jumps a broken wall as he rides into the trees. The soldiers give chase close behind. One swings a mace, and another shoots an arrow that zips past. One soldier veers off from the others into the woods, in an attempt to cut off THEON's escape.
SOLDIER: Ha! Ha!
They continue to fire at THEON. They all must duck to avoid a low branch. The last soldier has succeeded in his shortcut. He charges at Theon and unseats him with a powerful blow from his morningstar. THEON falls to the ground and gasps in pain.. The soldiers surround him, and dismount. THEON tries to get to his feet, but a SOLDIER kicks him back to the ground.
SOLDIER #1: You know how we deal with runaways here, do you?
One soldier places one foot on THEON's head to hold him down. Two others help.
SOLDIER #2: Take off his pants.
They strip down him pants to reveal his ass. THEON squirms in protest.
THEON: No! No! No, no, no!
SOLDIER #3: I'm gonna fuck you into the dirt.
THEON: No, please! No, no, no! No, don't!
As the soldier stands above him, an arrow pierces his heart from behind. He staggers and turns, confused.
THEON: No, please! No! No!
A second arrow pierces the soldier's chest, and he falls to his knees. The others realize that they are under attack and start to flee. They are taken down quickly by arrows. THEON looks up, then works up his pants. RAMSAY approaches, bow in hand. The first soldier that he shot is still on his knees, in shock. RAMSAY stops in front of him, and reaches for another arrow.
SOLDIER #2: You little bastard.
RAMSAY notches the arrow, aims at the soldier's head, and executes him. THEON scrambles backwards in fear as RAMSAY approaches him. RAMSAY extends his hand, gently.
RAMSAY: Come, my lord.
THEON grasps his hand, and RAMSAY brings him to his feet.
RAMSAY: You're a long way from home and winter is coming.
They walk away together, THEON limping.
EXT. Riverlands at Night
LOCKE's men have made camp for the night. BRIENNE and JAIME are bound to trees while the men are gathered around a nearby fire.
LOCKE: I'll take the big bitch first. When she's good and wet, you lot can finish her off.
LOCKE approahes. Two men help BRIENNE to her feet.
BRIENNE: My lord, I am Brienne of Tarth. Lady Catelyn Stark commanded me to deliver Ser Jaime to King's Landing.
LOCKE: Catelyn Stark's a treasonous cunt. Orders were to take the Kingslayer alive. Nobody said shit about you.
BRIENNE headbutts one of the four men around her. But with her hands bound, she has no chance. The men hold her and punch her into submission.
MAN: You're only making it worse.
BRIENNE headbutts him again, and gets another series of blows in return.
LOCKE: Take her over there where it's dark. I'd like a little privacy.
MAN: Come on!
BRIENNE yells and screams as they lead her away.
JAIME: You know who she is, don't you?
LOCKE: A big dumb bitch from who cares where. Never been with a woman that big.
JAIME: She's Brienne of Tarth. Her father is Lord Selwyn Tarth. Heard of Tarth?
MAN: I'm gonna cut your throat!
JAIME: They call it the Sapphire Isle. Do you know why? Every sapphire in Westeros was mined on Tarth. Sapphires are gemstones. The blue ones.
LOCKE: I know what they are.
JAIME: Lord Selwyn would pay his daughter's weight in sapphires if she's returned to him. But only if she's alive, her honor unbesmirched.
BRIENNE screams and men yell in the distance while LOCKE processes this information. Then he turns towards his men.
LOCKE: Bring her back here.
MAN: Yes, my lord. Get up.
MAN #2:  Come on.
MAN #3: Come on, on your feet.
LOCKE: Unbesmirched.
JAIME: Not defiled.
LOCKE: Fancy word for a fancy man.
JAIME: I hated to read as a child, but my father forced me to study the books every morning before I could practice with sword or horse. Two hours every day holed up in the maester's chambers. I learned a lot of fancy words.
LOCKE: I bet you did.
The men tie BRIENNE to her tree once again. JAIME looks at her.
BRIENNE: (screams)
LOCKE: Your father, he'd pay your weight in gold to get you back?
LOCKE: Aye, you have both.
JAIME: Fighting bravely for a losing cause is admirable. Fighting for a winning cause is far more rewarding.
LOCKE: Hard to argue with that.
JAIME: Now that we're speaking together man to man, I wonder if you need to keep me chained to this tree. I'm not asking to be freed from my constraints, but if I could sleep lying down, my back would thank you for it. I'm not as young and resilient as I was once.
LOCKE: None of us are. Unchain Ser Jaime from the tree.
MAN: Come on, men.
The men unchain Jaime.
LOCKE: Suppose you'll be wanting something to eat.
JAIME: I'm famished, actually.
LOCKE: I think we've got a spare partridge on the fire.
JAIME: Well, I do like partridge.
LOCKE helps him up. JAIME groans from his soreness. BRIENNE watches them walk away towards the fire.
LOCKE: Bring the bird over here and the carving knife. Will this work as a table, my lord?
One of the men kick JAIME's knees out from under him. He falls to the ground.
LOCKE: On the stump.
Another man forces JAIME's right hand onto the stump while the others hold him down. LOCKE grabs JAIME's face and draws the large carving knife, then places its point at Jaime's eye.
LOCKE: You think you're the smartest man there is. That everyone alive has to bow and scrape and lick your boots.
JAIME:  My father--
LOCKE: And if you get in any trouble, all you've got to do is say 'my father' and that's it, all your troubles are gone.
JAIME:  Don't.
LOCKE:  Have you got something to say?
JAIME does not respond.
LOCKE: Careful. You don't want to say the wrong thing. You're nothing without your daddy, and your daddy ain't here. Never forget that.
Locke stands back up, releasing Jaime's face and withdrawing the knife.
LOCKE: Here, this should help you remember.
LOCKE winds up and cleaves the huge knife through JAIME's wrist in a single blow. JAIME looks with disbelief at his severed hand, and then screams in agony.
END CREDITS
EXT. The Riverlands
LOCKE's men ride through the woods. JAIME's rides with them, his servered hand dangling around his neck. He is glassy-eyed and dejected. BRIENNE, her hands bound,  rides next to him with concern.
MAN: How many of those fingers do you think we could shove up his ass?
LOCKE: Depends if he's had any practice. Is that the sort of thing you and your sister go in for, Kingslayer? She loosened you up for us?
JAIME's horse drifts leftward and JAIME starts to bend and teeter over.
BRIENNE: He's going to fall. He's going to fall off his horse. Someone help him.
JAIME falls off his horse, face first into the mud. He grunts and searches  for purchase with his left hand.  Locke halts the party with a signal and dismounts. JAIME struggles to his feet.
JAIME: (desperately) Water. Water. Please, water. Wa-water. Water, please. Please. Please.
One of Locke's men approaches. He opens his canteen, then pours it out on JAIME's filthy head. The men laugh, and BRIENNE is disgusted. LOCKE comes closer.
JAIME: If I die, you won't be getting--
LOCKE: Oh, enough. Here.
LOCKE gives JAIME his canteen. JAIME gulps it down as quickly as he can.
LOCKE: Can't say that I've ever seen a man drink horse piss that fast.
The men laugh, and JAIME doubles over, coughing spitting out the piss. A man comes to help him up. JAIME sees his opportunity, and elbows him in the face and grabs his sword as the MAN falls. LOCKE draws his weapon, as do some of his men. The surround JAIME. The Kingslayer makes some awkward left-handed blows that are easily parried. There are too many of them.  Another man kicks JAIME down from behind, back into the mud.  The men laugh. BRIENNE has had enough.
BRIENNE: Stop!
BRIENNE slides off her horse. JAIME picks up the sword and starts swinging at the men again. BRIENNE kicks down the man who turns to stop her, while JAIME takes a strong punch to the face. BRIENNE is halted by two drawn swords.
MAN: Far enough.
The men encircling JAIME continue to toy with him, landing blows when his back is turned. He falls into the black mud again. LOCKE comes to him, and kicks him repeatedly.  BRIENNE fumes. LOCKE steps on JAIME's left hand until he finally relents his grip on the sword. LOCKE kicks him again, leaving JAIME sprawled in the mud. The fight has left the Kingslayer. LOCKE kneels down and puts his face threatening close to JAIME's.
LOCKE: Do that again and I'll take your other hand.
LOCKE stands and the men pull BRIENNE back to the horses.
MAN: Come on, you.
JAIME lies in the mud, gazing upward. His severed hand rests cruelly beside his head.
INT: KIng's Landing.
TYRION enters VARYS's chambers.
VARYS: Oh, Lord Tyrion. Come in, come in.
TYRION: I hope we might speak. In confidence.
VARYS: Oh, always in confidence.
VARYS works to open a large crate with a crowbar
TYRION: About the events of the Blackwater. Perhaps this is the wrong time?
VARYS: Oh, no. It's a wonderful time.
TYRION: I thought one of your little birds might have knowledge of my sister's intentions to--
VARYS: End your life?
TYRION: I didn't inherit Littlefinger's spies along with his position, I'm afraid. Which is why I'm coming to you. I need proof.
VARYS: Proof? Will there be a trial?
TYRION: I need to know.
VARYS: I have no proof, only whispers. Before all this nastiness, I was going to tell you the story of how I was cut. Do you want to hear it still?
TYRION: I don't know. Do I?
VARYS pauses from his efforts to open the crate.
VARYS: As a boy, I travelled with a troupe of actors through the Free Cities. One day in Myr, a certain man made my master an offer too tempting to refuse. I feared the man meant to use me as I'd heard some men used small boys. But what he wanted was far worse. He gave me a potion that made me powerless to move or speak, yet did nothing to dull my senses. With a hooked blade he sliced me, root and stem, chanting all the while. He burned my parts in a brazier. The flames turned blue and I heard a voice answer his call. I still dream of that night. Not of the sorcerer, not of his blade. I dream of the voice from the flames. Was it a god? A demon? A conjuror's trick? I don't know. But the sorcerer called and a voice answered. And ever since that day, I have hated magic and all those who practice it. But you can see why I was eager to aid in your fight against Stannis and his Red Priestess. A symbolic revenge of sorts.
TYRION: Yes, ahem. I feel the need for actual revenge against the actual person who tried to have me killed. Which will require a degree of influence, which--
VARYS: You do not possess at the moment.
Varys puts down the crowbar and moves to a basin to wash his hands and freshen up.
VARYS: But influence is largely a matter of patience, I have found. Once I had served the sorcerer's purpose, he threw me out of his house to die. I resolved to live to spite him. I begged. I sold what parts of my body remained to me. I became an excellent thief and soon learned that the contents of a man's letters are more valuable than the contents of his purse. Step by step, one distasteful task after another, I made my way from the slums of Myr to the small council chamber. Influence grows like a weed. I tended mine patiently until its tendrils reached from the Red Keep all the way across to the far side of the world where I managed to wrap them around something very special.
VARYS removes the top of the crate. He and TYRION peer in. VARYS protects his nose from the stink. TYRION is aghast.
TYRION: The sorcerer.
The sorcerer lies helplessly in the crate. His mouth has been sewn shut long ago. He mumbles desperately behind his sewn mouth.
VARYS: Hello, my old friend. It's been a long time. I have no doubt the revenge you want will be yours in time if you have the stomach for it.
VARYS returns the lid, in spite of the SORCERER's protests.
EXT: Craster's Keep.
GRENN and EDDISON TOLLETT work in the pig sty, shoveling mud and shit.
GRENN: When people talk about the Night's Watch, they never mention the shoveling.
EDDISON: Or the shit.
GRENN: They tell you about honor, pardoning crimes, and protecting the realm, but shoveling really is most of it.
EDDISON: And getting attacked or killed or worse. And that.
GRENN: But when you're not getting attacked or killed, usually you're shoveling.
EDDISON: Oh, look. More shit. I was starting to wonder what to do with the rest of my day.
RAST stands at the side of the pig sty.
RAST: We need to get out of here.
GRENN: When the Lord Commander says we go, we go.
RAST: The Lord Commander told us to go to the Fist of the First Men. How'd that turn out for us?
EDDISON: He had no way of knowing.
RAST: We do now. We know what's out there.
GRENN: Craster's been out here surviving.
RAST: So he's your new protector now? Our good friend Craster?
EDDISON: We're like the sons he never had.
RAST: Mormont isn't gonna save you. This lummox here isn't gonna save you. When the walkers come calling, Craster will serve us up like so many pigs. If we want to live we'll have to look out for ourselves.
INT: Craster's Keep
GILLY cradles her baby, who gently fusses.
GILLY: Shh, shh, shh.
GILLY stands anxiously as SAM enters.
GILLY: You woke him.
SAM: I'm sorry. He's beautiful.
GILLY: Shh!
The baby cries, and Gilly soothes him.
SAM: He's beautiful.  Does he have a name?
GILLY: No.
SAM: Are you going to give him one?
GILLY: Why?
GILLY hands SAM the thimble that he gave her when they last saw one another.
GILLY: Here.
SAM: Gilly.
GILLY: You said to hold it for you until you came back. You're back.
SAM: I wanted you to have it.
GILLY: I don't want your stupid thimble. I want to save my baby's life. Can you do that? Can you?
SAM doesn't answer.
GILLY: I don't have time for you. I don't have time for anyone but him because he doesn't have much time.
The baby starts to cry loudly. SAM exits.
EXT: Woods, somewhere.
BRAN runs through the woods. A raven caws overhead. BRAN comes upon a godswood. JOJEN appears by his side.
JOJEN: You have to go after him.
BRAN: How?
JOJEN: You know how.
BRAN climbs to the high branches of the godswood until he finds the raven. He balances his way carefully to the raven.
CATELYN: Brandon.
Catelyn appears behind him in the tree.
BRAN: Mother.
CATELYN: How many times have I told you? No climbing.
BRAN: Mother, I need to find it. It's here. It's calling me.
CATELYN grabs him roughly.
CATELYN: I want you to promise me. No more climbing.
She shakes BRAN as her voice rises in volume.
CATELYN: Promise me. Promise me! Promise me!
CATELYN shakes him so hard that BRAN looses his footing and he falls from the tree.
BRAN: Mother! Mother!
CATELYN: Promise me! Promise me, Bran! Promise me!
CUT TO: Northern Woods at Night.
BRAN wakes suddenly before he hits the ground in his dream. He sits up. JOJEN watches him, wordlessly.
INT: King's Landing
VARYS and ROS speak in his chambers.
VARYS: Is he very large?
ROS: No larger than usual, apparently. And yet they said that he was--
VARYS: Extraordinary.
ROS: The most extraordinary man they've ever had. And they've had a lot of men.
VARYS: We're talking about the same Podrick? The quiet boy in Lord Tyrion's service? Seems a bit simple?
ROS: (nods)
VARYS: What did he do to them?
ROS: I don't know, my lord. The girls are usually quite descriptive.
VARYS: So what did they say?
ROS: They said it was hard to describe.
VARYS pours her some wine.
VARYS: Huh. Prodigies appear in the oddest of places. And what did Littlefinger say about this loss of income?
ROS: He was too preoccupied to notice. He's leaving for the Eyrie soon. I'm helping him prepare for his journey.
VARYS: Ah, yes, to pursue his enduring love of the Lady Arryn and the title that comes with her. Sad, really. Is that all it takes to make our friend lose interest in poor Sansa Stark?
ROS: He hasn't spoken to her since the last time, as far as I know. But I don't think he's lost interest.
VARYS: What makes you say so?
ROS: His shipboard inventory.
Ros produces a scroll and hands it to Varys. He opens it.
VARYS: Ah. You can read. Rare for a woman in your profession.
ROS: Former profession.
VARYS: Of course. I'm missing something obvious you're about to point out?
ROS: Two featherbeds. He's bringing two featherbeds for the cabin.
VARYS: Who is important enough to Littlefinger to merit a featherbed besides Littlefinger? Could he be bringing one of his girls?
ROS: He's not interested in them, my lord.
VARYS: How do you know?
ROS: Because I'm one of his girls.
VARYS: Prodigies in odd places indeed.
INT: King's Landing, the Sept of Baelor
JOFFREY: Rhaenyra Targaryen was murdered by her brother, or rather his dragon. It ate her while her son watched. What's left of her is buried in the crypts right down there.
CERSEI: The ceremony is traditionally held in the main sanctum, which seats 700 comfortably
OLENNA:  There appears to be a good deal of room elsewhere on the premises for everyone else.
CERSEI: There aren't more than 700 people of any importance.
OLENNA: No, the rest are there to look adoringly upon the 700 to remind them how superior they must be to have the best seats.
JOFFREY: Over there in that urn, the ashes of Aerion Targaryen. Aerion Brightflame they called him. He thought drinking wildfire would turn him into a dragon.
MARGAERY: (laughs)
JOFFREY: He was wrong. And, of course, there's the Mad King, killed by my uncle. Would you like to see where the last Targaryens are buried?
CERSEI: Are you sure Lady Margaery doesn't find all this a bit macabre?
MARGAERY: Oh, no, it's quite all right, Your Grace. I'd love to see their tombs, really. It's like taking a walk through history.
JOFFREY: The tomb's just up here.
MARGAERY: This is so exciting.
JOFFREY and MARGAERY exit.
OLENNA: You were married here, Your Grace?
CERSEI: Yes.
OLENNA: Must seem like only yesterday.
CERSEI: Seems like a lifetime ago.
OLENNA: Your husband, was he buried here as well?
CERSEI: No, he wanted his remains returned to Storm's End.
OLENNA: Such a tragedy.
CERSEI: A fairly predictable tragedy. Hunting and drinking don't mix.
OLENNA: I should say not. My son's a hunter. It helps him forget he's never been within a mile of a real battle.
CERSEI: I seem to recall he laid siege to Storm's End for the better part of a year.
OLENNA: All he laid siege to was the banquet table in the command tent.
CERSEI: (chuckles)
OLENNA: I told him to stay out of Robert's rebellion. He had no business fighting an actual warrior. We mothers do what we can to keep our sons from the grave. But they do seem to yearn for it. We shower them with good sense, and it slides right off like rain off a wing.
CERSEI: And yet the world belongs to them.
OLENNA: A ridiculous arrangement, to my mind.
MARGAERY: (laughs)
CERSEI: The gods have seen fit to make it so.
CUT TO: the tombs
JOFFREY: My father didn't want them here. He was going to have their bodies burned and thrown in the Blackwater, but the High Septon convinced him otherwise.
MARGAERY: I'm glad he did. I'm sorry, Your Grace. I know they did terrible things at the end, but their ancestors built this. Sometimes severity is the price we pay for greatness.
JOFFREY: I couldn't agree more.
They hear the sounds of a shouting crowd outside the Sept.
MARGAERY: Shall we go and see them? If you give them your love, they will return it a thousandfold. I've spoken with them. I know how they feel about you. You led the defense of King's Landing. They adore you.
JOFFREY: Open the doors.
The doors open.
CERSEI: Joffrey. Wait.
JOFFREY and MARGAERY step out of the sept.
WOMAN: Lady Margaery!
WOMAN #2: Lady Margaery!
WOMAN #3: Bless you, Lady Margaery!
MARGAERY waves to the crowd.
WOMAN #4: Lady Margaery!
WOMAN #5: Lady Margaery!
WOMAN #6: Margaery!
WOMAN #7: Long live Lady Margaery!
JOFFREY looks to MARGAERY and she smiles. He joins her in waving.
MAN: King Joffrey!
WOMAN #8: King Joffrey!
WOMAN #9: King Joffrey!
MAN #2: King Joffrey!
MAN #3: Gods bless King Joffrey!
EXT: Somewhere in the North
THEON and RAMSEY ride slowly through the woods.
THEON: How far is it to Deepwood Motte?
RAMSAY: Not far, my lord. Your sister is waiting for you there.
THEON: She sent you to save me?
RAMSAY: Yes. I served them, the men who were torturing you. I did what they told me and waited for the right moment.
THEON: Why would you risk your life for me?
RAMSAY: I grew up on Saltcliffe, my lord. I was only a boy when they took you away. My father brought me and my brothers up to the bluffs so we could watch the ship that carried you off. I remember the look on my father's face when he told us, 'That's Balon Greyjoy's last living son.' And those are the words I heard over and over again when I saw what they were doing to you.
THEON: Those men, they said my father knew what they were doing to me. Did he?
CUT TO: The woods, a bit later.
THEON and RAMSAY leap over a wall and move furtively along it in the rain. They approach a small castle.
THEON: My sister's men are loyal to her. We don't need to hide from them.
RAMSAY: Not all those are your sister's men. Some of them are loyal to your father.
RAMSAY opens the lower gate leading into the castle. It leads to a long hallway.
THEON: (chuckles)
RAMSAY:  What is it?
THEON: I was just thinking how jealous I was when my father told Yara to take this place.
RAMSAY: What did he tell you to do?
THEON: Raid fishing villages. He didn't trust me. Thought I was a Stark. Ha. I could never be a Stark. Robb Stark always reminded me of that.
RAMSAY: He lorded it over you?
THEON: Didn't have to. All he had to do was be. Be who he was born to be. His life fit him better than his clothes. How could someone like that ever be a brother to me? He's the King in the North.
They reach another gate. RAMSAY works to open it with his keys.
THEON: And me my father gave me a choice and I made it. I could never be a Stark. But ironborn, that's what I was born to be. I paid the iron price for Winterfell. I murdered those boys.
RAMSAY finally has worked the gate open.
RAMSAY: The Stark boys?
THEON: Never found them. Just some poor orphans living with a farmer. I let Dagmer slit their throats and I let him burn the bodies so I could keep Winterfell and make my father proud.
RAMSAY: Maybe it's not too late.
THEON: It is. My real father lost his head at King's Landing. I made a choice and I chose wrong. And now I've burned everything down.
RAMSAY: Not everything, my lord. She's up here.
THEON and RAMSAY continue past the gate and through somedoors. The room is black.
THEON: Yara.
RAMSAY: Shh. Wait.
RAMSAY lights a torch. The room brightens to reveal the X-shaped cross on which Theon had been tortured.
RAMSAY: I brought him back. He killed the others.
THEON is stunned.
THEON: What? No, I didn't.
Some guards appear behind THEON. One grabs his shoulder, spins him and punches him in the gut.
THEON: You can't! No, please stop! No!
The two guards wrestle THEON back onto the cross. He sobs and yells.
RAMSAY: Put him back where he belongs.
RAMSAY smiles. THEON screams.
EXT. The Riverlands
LOCKE's men continue their ride. JAIME is half-conscious. BRIENNE tries desperately to think of a plan.
CUT TO: The Riverlands, that night.
BRIENNE sits, bound and thinking, her brow still furrowed.
BRIENNE: Eat. What are you doing?
JAIME: I'm dying.
BRIENNE: You can't die. You need to live to take revenge.
JAIME: I don't care about revenge.
BRIENNE: You coward. A little misfortune and you're giving up.
BRIENNE: You lost your hand.
JAIME: My sword hand. I was that hand.
BRIENNE and JAIME sit in silence. JAIME reaches for the bread and takes a bite.
BRIENNE: I know what you did for me. You told them Tarth was full of sapphires. It's called the Sapphire Isle because of the blue of its water. You knew that. Why did you help me?
JAIME doesn't answer.
INT: King's Landing, Tywin's chambers.
TYWIN writes while CERSEI looks on, impatiently.
TYWIN: You wanted to speak to me?
CERSEI: Yes, about Jaime.
TYWIN: What about him?
CERSEI: I wanted to make sure we're doing everything we can to get him back.
TYWIN: When Catelyn Stark took Tyrion prisoner what did I do in response?
CERSEI: You started a war.
TYWIN: And if I would start a war for that lecherous little stump, what do you think I am doing for my oldest son and heir?
CERSEI: Whatever you can.
TYWIN: Whatever I can.
Tywin seals the letter he finished, and starts another one.
TYWIN: You're still here.
CERSEI: Yes.
TYWIN: Why?
TYWIN: All right. Contribute.
CERSEI: The Tyrells are a problem.
TYWIN: The Tyrells helped us defeat Stannis Baratheon. The Tyrells saved your life, your children's lives.
CERSEI: Margaery has her claws in Joffrey. She knows how to manipulate him.
TYWIN: Good. I wish you knew how to manipulate him. I don't distrust you because you're a woman. I distrust you because you're not as smart as you think you are. You've allowed that boy to ride roughshod over you and everyone else in this city.
TYWIN goes back to writing.
CERSEI: Perhaps you should try stopping him from doing what he likes.
TYWIN: I will.
EXT: King's Landing Garden
OLENNA sits thinking.
MAID: Do you like it, Nana?
OLENNA: Another golden rose. How original. I eat from plates stamped with roses. I sleep in sheets embroidered with roses. I have a golden rose painted on my chamber pot, as if that makes it smell any better. Roses are boring, dear. 'Growing strong.' Ha! The dullest words of any house. 'Winter is coming!' Now that's memorable. 'We do not sow.' Strong. Strong. Those are houses you watch out for. Direwolves and krakens, fierce beasts. But a golden rose growing strong--ha, that strikes fear in the heart.
VARYS approaches.
OLENNA: Look, little loves. A spider in the garden. Run along now. Grow strong.
The maids exit and VARYS arrives.
VARYS: My lady. I wanted to personally welcome you to King's Landing. The city has been made brighter by your presence.
OLENNA: The city is made brighter by my presence? Is that your usual line, Lord Varys? Are you here to seduce me?
VARYS: A little obvious, perhaps.
OLENNA: Oh, no, please. Seduce away. It's been so long. Though I rather think it's all for naught. What happens when the nonexistent bumps against the decrepit? A question for the philosophers. But you've come mincing all this way for something. So?
VARYS: Might I sit?
OLENNA: No. Come, I've heard you're such a clever man. I'm curious why you've sought me out.
VARYS: You've taken an interest in Sansa Stark.
OLENNA: Have I? Because I spoke to her once in this garden and one of your little spies came running to tell you? Why shouldn't I take an interest? She's an interesting girl.
VARYS: Is she?
OLENNA: No, not particularly. But she's had an interesting childhood.
VARYS moves to leave.
VARYS: She has, sadly. Well, forgive me for wasting your time, then. I thought we shared certain hopes for her well-being.
OLENNA: Come, come. You surrender rather easily. Walk with me. I know the walls have ears, but apparently the shrubbery does, too.
CUT TO: Another part of the garden.
Varys and Olenna walk together.
VARYS: I choose my allies carefully and my enemies more carefully still.
OLENNA: Which is Sansa Stark?
VARYS: Neither. A babe in the woods. I admired her father.
OLENNA: Yes. Ned Stark had many admirers, and how many stepped forward when the executioner came for his head?
VARYS: I could not help Lord Stark. Perhaps I can help his daughter.
OLENNA: How?
VARYS: You're not the only one who has taken an interest in her.
OLENNA: That's hardly surprising. She's a beautiful girl with a famous name.
VARYS: Indeed. She'd make a lovely match for the right suitor.
OLENNA: It almost feels as if you're about to arrive at the point.
VARYS: Littlefinger is not long for the capital. A confidant of mine has told me that when he goes, Sansa Stark goes with him.
OLENNA: And why have you come to me with this matter?
VARYS: Littlefinger was born with no lands, no wealth, no armies. He has acquired the first two. How long before he has the army?
OLENNA: (laughs)
VARYS: Perhaps you'll laugh, but I know him better than most and this is the truth. Littlefinger is one of the most dangerous men in Westeros. If Robb Stark falls, Sansa Stark is the key to the North.
OLENNA: And if Littlefinger marries her, he'll have the key in his pocket.
VARYS: Which seems such a shame. Why should a man with such a low reputation steal away such a lovely bride?
OLENNA: You must despise him. You're working so hard to undermine him.
VARYS: Actually, I rather enjoy him. But he would see this country burn if he could be king of the ashes.
OLENNA: You are a clever man, Lord Varys.
VARYS: You are too kind. I believe I have a possible solution.
OLENNA: One doesn't need to be clever for that. It's all rather obvious, isn't it?
EXT: King's Landing shoreline.
SANSA kneels at a rocky overlook, praying. MARGAERY approaches.
MARGAERY: Ahem. I didn't mean to disturb you.
SANSA: You haven't.
MARGAERY: We'd like some privacy, please. If you wouldn't mind waiting back inside the keep. Or if you'd be kind enough to give me your names, I'll ask the king to speak with you himself.
The two guards leave.
MARGAERY: What did you pray for?
SANSA: I can't tell you.
MARGAERY: Why not? I'll tell you what I prayed for in the sept this morning. Let's see, for my family's health and happiness, for an end to the war, for a short winter. Boring and traditional, I'm afraid. And you?
SANSA: I'm sorry, I just can't.
MARGAERY: My cousin Alanna was the most beautiful girl I'd ever seen. When I was 12, I was all elbows and knees and Alanna looked like a goddess sent to torture me. Pig-face, she called me.
SANSA: Pig-face? That's ridiculous.
MARGAERY: I think it had something to do with my nose. Whenever she passed me in the halls, she'd oink.
SANSA: (laughs)
MARGAERY: So I prayed that she'd catch a horrible skin disease. A week after that, she came down with porridge plague.
SANSA: Porridge plague?
MARGAERY: You don't have it in the North? Your skin starts to look like boiled oats and eventually your face slides off and you die in agony.
SANSA: But that's awful.
MARGAERY: (nods, laughs)
MARGAERY: Don't say that. No, you're not.
SANSA: So what happened to Alanna?
MARGAERY: Oh, she grew up to be the most beautiful woman and married a handsome lord and they have darling children and live in a castle by the sea. It's all terribly frustrating.
They arrive at another overlook.
SANSA: I'm sure she's jealous of you now. You'll be married here in the capital and she'll have to come watch and pretend to be happy that you're queen.
MARGAERY takes both of SANSA's hands.
MARGAERY: I want us to be friends, good friends.
SANSA: That would make me very happy.
MARGAERY: You must see Highgarden. You'd love it there. I know you would. We have a great masquerade the night of the harvest moon. You should see the costumes. People work on them for months.
MARGAERY: The Queen Regent, you mean. Once I marry Joffrey, I'll be queen. And if you were to marry Loras. . .  Oh, your place would be at Highgarden, wouldn't it? We would be sisters, you and I. Would you like that?
SANSA: (nods)
EXT: Craster's Keep, night
A funeral pyre  blazes in the night.
EDDISON: Down White Harbor way.
JEOR: He came to us from White Harbor. Never failed in his duty. He kept his vows the best he could. He rode far, fought fiercely. We shall never see his like again.
ALL: And now his watch has ended.
JEOR: And now his watch has ended.
JEOR exits.
GRENN: Didn't think a broke foot could kill a man.
RAST: It wasn't his foot that killed him. That bastard Craster starved him to death.
SAM: Craster's got his daughters to feed.
RAST: You on his side?
SAM: We can't just show up and steal all his food. We're brothers of the Night's Watch, not thieves.
RAST: The day we leave, Craster will tap a barrel of our wine and sit down to a feast of ham and potatoes and laugh at us starving in the snow. He's a bloody wildling is all he is.
EDDISON: Never knew Bannen could smell so good.
The pyre burns.
INT: Craster's Keep, later.
CRASTER eats and JEOR writes.
CRASTER: You have one son, don't you, Mormont? I had my 99th. You ever meet a man with 99 sons?
JEOR: (shakes his head)
CRASTER: And more daughters than I can count.
JEOR: I'm glad for you.
The night's watchmen return to warm themselves, including SAM, GRENN, EDDISON, RAST and KARL TANNER.
CRASTER: Are you now? Me, I'll be glad when you and yours have gone.
JEOR: As soon as our wounded are strong enough.
CRASTER: Ah. They're as strong as they're gonna get. Them that's dying, why don't you cut their throats and be done with it? Hmm? Or leave them if you've not the stomach and I'll sort them myself.
KARL TANNER: Whose throat you gonna cut, old man?
JEOR: Wait outside.
KARL TANNER: It's cold outside and there's nothing to eat.
CRASTER: My wives gave you bread.
KARL TANNER: There's sawdust in the bread.
CRASTER: You don't like it, you go out there and eat the snow.
KARL TANNER: I'd rather eat what you've got hidden away.
JEOR stands.
JEOR: I told you to wait outside.
RAST: He's sitting there drinking our wine, eating his fill while we die.
CRASTER stands in rage.
CRASTER: I gave you crows enough. I've got to feed my women!
RAST: So you admit you've got a hidden larder, then? How else'd you make it through winter?
JEOR: Enough! Out!
CRASTER: I am a godly man.
RAST: You're a stingy bastard!
CRASTER grabs an ax from the wall approaches KARL TANNER.
CRASTER: Bastard? Out with you, you little thief. And you! And you! Go sleep in the cold on empty bellies. I'll chop the hands off the next man who calls me bastard.
JEOR grabs RAST and forces him to exit.
KARL TANNER: You are a bastard. A daughter-fucking, wildling bastard.
CRASTER raises his ax and attacks KARL TANNER.  KARL grabs his arm and stabs him in the belly. CRASTER gurgles and chokes.
JEOR: The gods will curse us for this. By all the laws--
KARL TANNER hits one of CRASTER's wives. He then picks her up from the ground, and she does not resist. He puts his knife to her throat.
KARL TANNER: There are no laws beyond the Wall. Now show us where he hides the food or you'll get the same as he did.
JEOR draws his sword.
JEOR: Unhand her.
KARL TANNER drops the woman and gets ready to face off with JEOR.
JEOR:  I shall have your head for this.
RAST stabs JEOR from behind. JEOR's hands go weak, and he drops his sword. GRENN charges KARL TANNER, and they wrestle for control of the knife. Women and men shout as the fight escalates. JEOR turns to face RAST, grabs him by the throat, lifts and pins him against a post. SAM flees to the outside and picks up a sword amidst the chaos. CRASTER lies dead on the floor. JEOR continues to choke RAST, until he suddenly spits up a mouthful of blood, and collapses to the floor. RAST comes to him and savagely stabs JEOR again and again.
CUT TO: Gilly's quarters
SAM enters.
SAM: Quickly. Quickly.
GILLY: What's happening? I'm not going out there.
SAM: No, we have to go. Now!
The baby cries, and they leave the hut to meet the chaos.
GILLY: Follow me. I know the best way. Come on.
GILLY and SAM run from the keep, into the woods.
RAST: Run fast, Piggy, and sleep well! I'll be cutting your throat one of these nights.
EXT: The Riverlands
The Brotherhood without Banners rides through the woods. A hooded ARYA rides with THOROS. They pass a series of men serving as lookouts
ARYA: Can I take this hood off yet?
THOROS: I do apologize, little lady, but it's better for you if you don't see where we're going.
MAN: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
They hail the lookouts.
MAN: Halt!
THOROS lifts ARYA's hood to reveal her mouth and offers her a drink.
ARYA: What is it?
THOROS: Blackstrap rum.
He lets he smell it.
ARYA: Ugh!
THOROS: Not easy finding molasses in wartime.
Nearby, GENDRY is also hooded.
GENDRY: I'd have some.
THOROS: Let's go home.
CUT TO; The mouth of a cave. The Brotherhood enters, single file, leading the hooded GENDRY, ARYA and the HOUND. They reach the main chamber and remove the hoods.
GENDRY: What is this place?
THOROS: Somewhere neither wolves nor lions come prowling.
HOUND: You look like a bunch of swineherds.
ANGUY: Some of us were swineherds. And some of us tanners and masons. That was before.
HOUND: You're still swineherds and tanners and masons. You think carrying a crooked spear makes you a soldier?
BERIC enters.
BERIC: No. Fighting in a war makes you a soldier.
HOUND: Beric Dondarrion? You've seen better days.
BERIC: And I won't see them again.
HOUND: Stark deserters. Baratheon deserters. You lot aren't fighting in a war. You're running from it.
BERIC: Last I heard, you were King Joffrey's guard dog. But here you are 1000 miles from home. Which of us is running?
HOUND: Untie these ropes and we'll find out. What are you doing leading a mob of peasants?
BERIC: Ned Stark ordered me to execute your brother in King Robert's name.
HOUND: Ned Stark is dead. King Robert is dead. My brother's alive.
The HOUND spits in disgust.
HOUND: You're fighting for ghosts.
HOUND: You found god? Is that it?
BERIC: Aye. I've been reborn in the light of the one true god. As have we all. As would any man who's seen the things we've seen.
HOUND: If you mean to murder me, then bloody well get on with it.
THOROS: You'll die soon enough, dog. But it won't be murder, only justice.
ANGUY: And a kinder fate than you deserve. Lions you call yourselves. At the Mummer's Ford, girls of seven years were raped and babes still on the breast were cut in two while their mothers watched.
HOUND: I wasn't at the Mummer's Ford. Dump your dead children at some other door.
THOROS: House Clegane was built upon dead children. I saw them lay Prince Aegon and Princess Rhaenys before the Iron Throne.
HOUND: Do you take me for my brother? Is being born Clegane a crime?
ANGUY: Murder is a crime.
HOUND: I never touched the Targaryen babes. I never saw them, never smelled them, never heard them bawling. You want to cut my throat, get on with it! But don't call me murderer and pretend that you're not.
ARYA: You murdered Mycah. The butchers boy. My friend. He was 12 years old. He was unarmed. And you rode him down. You slung him over your horse like he was some deer.
HOUND: Aye, he was a bleeder.
BERIC: You don't deny killing this boy?
HOUND: I was Joffrey's sworn shield. The boy attacked the prince.
ARYA: That's a lie! I hit Joffrey. Mycah just ran away.
HOUND: Then I should have killed you. Not my place to question princes.
BERIC: You stand accused of murder. But no one here knows the truth of the charge, so it is not for us to judge you. Only the Lord of Light may do that now. I sentence you to trial by combat.
HOUND: So, who will it be? Should we find out if your fire god really loves you, priest? Or you, archer? What are you worth with a sword in your hand? Or is the little girl the bravest one here?
BERIC: Aye. She might be. But it's me you'll fight.
EXT: Astapor
A pair of great doors open. DAENERYS, MISSANDEI, JORAH and BARRISTAN enter the large and bustling courtyard, populated by guards and townfolk. Two guards move through the square, carrying a litter containing one of DAENERYS's dragons.
KRAZNYS: (speaks Valyrian)
MISSANDEI: The master says they are untested. He says you would be wise to blood them early. There are many small cities between here and there, cities ripe for sacking. Should you take captives, the masters will buy the healthy ones and for a good price.
KRAZNYS: (speaks Valyrian)
They come to the massive field where the thousands of Unsullied stand at attention. KRASZYS and GREIZHEN stand before them.
MISSANDEI: And who knows? In 10 years, some of the boys you send them may be Unsullied in their turn. Thus all shall prosper.
DAENERYS walks back to the woven crate containing her dragon. She opens the front and Drogon comes out, scrreching. DAENERYS holds onto the chain attached to the dragon's foot as it takes flight and hovers above her. She hands the chain to KRAZNYS, who struggles against the strength of the small dragon. He smiles greedily, and hands her the whip that represents command of the Unsullied.
DAENERYS: Is it done, then? They belong to me?
MISSANDEI: (speaks Valyrian)
KRAZNYS: (speaks Valyrian) It is done.
MISSANDEI: It is done.
KRAZNYS: (speaks Valyrian) She holds the whip.
MISSANDEI: You hold the whip.
KRAZNYS: (speaks Valyrian) The bitch has her army.
DAENERYS turns slowly and walks to the unsullied. DROGON's unhappy screeching increases
DAENERYS: (speaks Valyrian) Unsullied!
The Unsullied come to attention. MISSANDEI is surprised that DAENERYS speaks Valyrian. KRAZNYS struggles against the dragon.
DAENERYS: (speaks Valyrian) Forward march!
The Unsullied march.
DAENERYS: (speaks Valyrian) Halt!
The Unsullied halt. KRAZNYS tries to control the dragon.
KRAZNYS: (speaks Valyrian) Tell the bitch her beast won't come.
DAENERYS: (speaks Valyrian) A dragon is not a slave.
KRAZNYS: (speaks Valyrian) You speak Valyrian?
DAENERYS: (speaks Valyrian) I am Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, of the blood of Old  Valyria. Valyrian is my mother tongue.
DAENERYS turns to the Unsullied.
DAENERYS: (speaks Valyrian) Unsullied! Slay the masters, slay the soldiers, slay every man who holds a whip, but harm no child. Strike the chains off every slave you see!
An Unsullied pierces a slave master though the heart with his spear. KRAZNYS looks on in panic.
KRAZNYS: (speaks Valyrian) I am your master.
BARRISTAN draws his sword as the Unsullied follow DAENERYS's command.
KRAZNYS: (screaming Valyrian) Kill her! Kill her! Kill her!
DAENERYS: Dracarys.
Drogon unleashes his fire breath, consuming KRAZNYS, who screams in agony as he burns. The Unsullied attack and quickly overwhelm the guards. Drogon flies free, spouting fire above the courtyard.
CUT TO: The courtyard, later.
The courtyeard is filled with smoke and charred bodies. JORAH surveys the carnage and reaches DAENERYS. She walks forward to inspect he Unsullied, who are back in formation. She mounts a white horse, and rides among them.
DAENERYS: (speaks Valyrian) Unsullied! You have been slaves all your life. Today you are free. Any man who wishes to leave may leave, and no one will harm him. I give you my word. Will you fight for me? As free men?
One Unsullied begins tapping his spear rhythmically in the sand. Soon others join him, and more still until the sound becomes thunderous and unanimous. JORAH and BARRISTAN look on.
CUT TO: Outside the yard.
DAENERYS rides away from the main gate with her Dothraki and  with MISSANDEI, JORAH and BARRISTAN. The 8000 Unsullied march behind her. She tosses away the whip. The three dragons fly overhead.
INT: Riverlands, the caverns of the Brotherhood without Banners
THOROS looks into the fire.
THOROS: Lord, cast your light upon us.
MEN: Lord of Light, defend us.
ANGUY unbinds the HOUND
THOROS: Show us the truth. Strike this man down if he is guilty. Give strength to his sword if he is true. Lord of Light, give us wisdom. For the night is dark and full of terrors.
MEN: For the night is dark and full of terrors.
The HOUND readies his sword and loosens for battle. BERIC kneels before THOROS. BERIC offers his left hand, and THOROS slices open a long gash in his palm. He then places the sword in BERIC's right hand. BERIC slides the blade across the open wound and the weapon erupts in flame.  The HOUND is taken aback. Both men take up shields and they set to battle. BERIC gets first advantage, with the flames putting fear in the eyes of the HOUND. The HOUND finds his rhythm and the battle becomes more even. BERIC  dodges a blow and shoulders the HOUND to stumble into a fire, sparks erupting. The HOUND is enraged, and makes a poorly chosen charge. He ends up on his knees.
THOROS: Get back.
THOROS pushes ARYA away as the fight comes close to them. The HOUND regains his footing and begins a brutal onslaught, shattering BERIC's shield. BERIC stumbles and regroups, pushing the HOUND back with a series of two-handed swings. The HOUND falls onto his back, and BERIC's blow set his shield aflame. The HOUND launches a wild counter attack while the crowd becomes more excited, and begins to chant.
MEN: Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty. Guilty.
The HOUND tries to douse his shield, but it continues to burn.
ARYA: Kill him!
After parrying blows, the HOUND elbows BERIC in the gut. He stumbles backwards.
HOUND: (shouts)
The HOUND unleashes an overhead swing with all his might. BERIC blocks with his flaming sword, but the HOUND's powerful blow breaks the blade and cleaves deeply into BERIC's shoulder and torso. BERIC's eyes roll, and he falls to the ground, dead. ARYA is distraught and THOROS launches himself onto BERIC.
THOROS: Lord, cast your light upon this man, your servant. Bring him back from death and darkness. His flame has been extinguished. Restore it.
HOUND: (shouts)
The HOUND falls to the ground and smashes his shield to the ground, trying to choke the flames.
THOROS: For the night is dark and full of terrors. Lord, cast--
ARYA  spins backwards and takes a man's knife.
GENDRY: Arya, don't!
THOROS: Bring him back from death and darkness
ARYA runs towards the HOUND, but GENDRY intercepts her and tackles her off of her feet.
ARYA: No! ARYA: Let go of me! Let me go!
From the ground, the HOUND taunts her.
HOUND: Looks like their god likes me more than your butcher's boy.
ARYA: Burn in hell!
BERIC: He will. But not today.
BERIC kneels by the fire, resuscitated, bitter and humbled.
EXT: The North, the bustling wildling camp.
JON and YGRITTE bring firewood. TORMUND sits as ORELL greets them with disdain.
TORMUND: Orell says there are crows patrolling on the Wall. Tell me what you know.
ORELL: How often do these patrols go out?
JON: It varies. If I knew where on the Wall we were heading, I could tell you.
ORELL: You'd like to know that.
TORMUND: (sighs)  There are 19 castles guarding the Wall. How many are manned?
JON: Three.
ORELL: You sure of that?
JON: (nods)
ORELL: Which three?
JON: Castle Black.
ORELL: Aye, Castle Black. Everyone knows Castle Black. Which others?
JON: Eastwatch-by-the-Sea and the Shadow Tower.
TORMUND: How many men remain in Castle Black?
JON: 1,000
ORELL: Liar.
Jon drops his bundle and steps towards Orell.
JON: What happens to your eagle after I kill you? Does he drift away like a kite with his strings cut or does he just flop dead to the ground?
YGRITTE: He's no crow.
ORELL: Just 'cause you want him inside you don't make him one of us.
YGRITTE draws her dagger.
YGRITTE: I'm not afraid of you.
Tormund stands  throws Orell to the ground. He faces Jon.
TORMUND: I like you, boy. But if you lie to me, I'll pull your guts out through your throat.
JON: 1000 men
Orell stands up.
TORMUND: We'll find out soon enough.
TORMUND walks away. JON and YGRITTE  walk, quick and agitated, through the camp.
JON: I don't need you to protect me.
YGRITTE: Of course you do. Who stopped Rattleshirt when he was about to cut your throat? Who vouched for you with Mance? It seems you owe me a debt.
YGRITTE takes JON's sword and starts to run. JON gives chase.
JON: Give it back.
She stops by the fire and picks up a torch.
YGRITTE: Well, I stole it. It's mine. If you want it, come steal it back.
She turns and runs. JON runs after her. YGRITTE does not heed his cries.
JON: Ygritte! Ygritte!
YGRITTE reaches a cave. She looks back and smiles before entering.
JON: Ygritte! Seven hells. Ygritte!
INT: The cave.
JON chases YGRITTE into the cave. YGRITTE leans his sword against a rock by a large pool. Water falls in a sheet from above. She puts down the torch, then removes her bow.
YGRITTE: Is Orell right? Are you still a crow? It's time you proved yourself.
She takes off her shoes.
JON: Ygritte.
YGRITTE: You swore some vows. I want you to break 'em. I want you to see me.
She removes her furs, and then her tunic and pants, revealing herself, nude.
YGRITTE: All of me.
JON is dumbfounded. She walks to him, intensely.
JON: We shouldn't.
YGRITTE: We should.
YGRITTE tries to kiss JON. He resists her at first, but he cannot fight his feelings. They embrace and passionately kiss.  He kisses her neck, her breasts and continues downward.
YGRITTE: Why are you still dressed? You know nothing, Jon Sno--
YGRITTE moans.
INT: The cave, later.
JON lies restfully. YGRITTE sits up behind him.
They embrace and caress..
JON: I don't know. I just wanted to kiss you there is all.
YGRITTE: Hmm.
JON: You seemed to like it.
YGRITTE: Aye, I liked it some. Who taught you that?
JON: There's been no one else. Only you.
YGRITTE: A maid. You were a maid.
JON: I was a man of the Night's Watch. How about you? Were you a maid?
YGRITTE: What do you think?
JON: Who was he?
YGRITTE: Just a boy. He came trading with his brothers. He had red hair like me. Kissed by fire. But he was weak. Not like you. That was the first one. Then there was this Thenn boy. Spoke no Common, but gods, he was built like a mammoth.
JON: Yeah, thanks. I think I've heard enough. We'd best get back. Tormund--
YGRITTE sits astride JON.
YGRITTE: I'm not done with you yet.
THEY kiss.
YGRITTE: How long's it been since you had a bath?
YGRITTE hops up and jumps into the pool beside the cascading water.  Jon joins her, and they kiss again.
YGRITTE: Let's not go back. Let's stay here a while longer. I don't ever want to leave this cave, Jon Snow. Not ever.
They kiss again.
INT: Riverlands, the Brotherhood's cave.
HOUND: I want my gold.
THOROS: It says it clearly right there on that note you'll be repaid in full when the war is over.
HOUND: Piss on that! You're nothing but thieves.
The HOUND throws down the note.
ANGUY: We're outlaws. Outlaws steal. You're lucky we didn't kill you.
HOUND: Come try it, archer. I'll shove those arrows up your ass.
The HOUND walks towards ANGUY but THOROS holds him back.
ARYA: You can't let him go. He's a murderer. He's guilty.
BERIC: Not in the eyes of god.
ARYA: You can't!
BERIC: Enough! The judgment isn't ours to make.
ANGUY tossed the HOUND his swords.
BERIC: Go in peace, Sandor Clegane. The Lord of Light isn't done with you yet.
A MAN places a hood over the HOUND's head and leads him out.
EXT: Harrnehal
MAN: Riders coming through!
The gates open to a courtyard and LOCKE's men ride in. BRIENNE looks at JAIME, who sits withered astride his mount.
MAN: The Kingslayer.
One of LOCKE's men forces BRIENNE and JAIME to kneel in the courtyard.
MAN #2: Down!
LOCKE: On your knees. Lord Bolton, I give you the Kingslayer.
LOCKE pushes JAIME down with his foot. JAIME falls on his face, without resistance. JAIME groans.  Roose BOLTON: Pick him up, Locke.
Locke picks up Jaime with the help of one of his men.  Roose BOLTON: You've lost a hand.
LOCKE: No, my lord, he has it here.
LOCKE taunts JAIME with the dismembered hand tied around his neck. ROOSE pulls the hand from around JAIME's neck and hands it to LOCKE.  Roose BOLTON: Take this away.
LOCKE: Send it to his father?  Roose BOLTON: You'll hold your tongue unless you want to lose it.  Roose BOLTON: Cut her free. Apologies, my lady. You're under my protection now.
BRIENNE is cut free.
BRIENNE: Thank you, my lord.  Roose BOLTON: Find suitable rooms for our guests. We'll speak later.
ROOSE starts to walk away.
JAIME: Lord Bolton.
ROOSE turns around.
JAIME: Is there word from the capital?  Roose BOLTON: You haven't heard? Stannis Baratheon laid siege to King's Landing. Sailed into Blackwater Bay. Stormed the gates with thousands of men. And your sister How can I put this? Your sister is alive and well. Your father's forces prevailed.
JAIME falls to his knees in relief.
ROOSE: Ser Jaime isn't well. Take him to Qyburn.
His men pick JAIME up, and lead him and BRIENNE away.
INT; Harrenhal, Qyburn's workspace.
QYBURN tends to JAIME's, and he winces and groans. His severed wrist is wet and disgusting.
JAIME: Will I die?
QYBURN: No. The corruption has spread. I fear it must be cut away. The safest course would be to take the whole arm off.
JAIME: Then you'll die. You're no maester. Where's your chain?
QYBURN: The Citadel stripped me of it. They found some of my experiments too bold. I can leave your upper arm, make the cut at your elbow.
JAIME chokes QYBURN to make his point, then relents.
JAIME: I don't need my right hand to kill you.
JAIME: Mmm.
QYBURN: With any luck, that will suffice. You'll need milk of the poppy.
JAIME: No milk of the poppy.
QYBURN: There will be pain.
JAIME: I'll scream.
QYBURN: Quite a bit of pain.
JAIME: I'll scream loudly.
QYBURN straps and buckles JAIME's arm to staunch the bleeding. JAIME suffers and screams as QYBURN snips away the corruption.
EXT: KIng's Landing.
LITTLEFINGER walks into a courtyard, where CERSEI awaits.
CERSEI: Lord Baelish.
LITTLEFINGER: Your Grace.
CERSEI: I wonder if I might ask you for a favor.
She walks with him.
LITTLEFINGER: Of course, Your Grace.
CERSEI: I have reason to believe that House Tyrell do not hold the crown's best interests at heart.
LITTLEFINGER: I see. And have you shared these suspicions with Lord Tywin?
CERSEI: My father's a practical man. He appreciates facts.
LITTLEFINGER: Myself, I often find them a hindrance.
CERSEI: And he appreciates those who aid his family, as you well know. He's almost as generous to those who help us as he is unpleasant towards those who don't. You have a good working relationship with the Tyrells. I thought you might look into it before you leave the capital.
LITTLEFINGER: I shall do my best.
CERSEI: Thank you. And your best will prove better than when I asked you to locate Arya Stark?
LITTLEFINGER: I assure you that it will.
CERSEI exits.
INT: King's Landing, Tyrion's chambers.
Podrick pours wine for Tyrion and Olenna.
OLENNA: Gods, boy, that's enough. We're not in a tavern.
PODRICK: Pardon, my lady.
OLENNA: No need to speak. Are there any figs? Fetch some. I always take figs midafternoon. They help move the bowels. To what do I owe this summons?
PODRICK extis.
TYRION: Thank you for seeing me, my lady. I had hoped we might discuss a few financial matters.
OLENNA: I climbed all those steps to discuss financial matters?
TYRION: It's the royal wedding. I'm told you had a hand in planning it.
OLENNA: Naturally.
TYRION: It's shaping up to be a very involved affair. The word extravagant has been used.
OLENNA: What good is the word extravagant if it can't be used to describe a royal wedding?
TYRION: I understand that.
OLENNA: Good.
TYRION: But, as Master of Coin, it falls upon me to calculate the cost for the crown. As of now, it's a huge expense.
OLENNA: And?
TYRION: And we're at war, Lady Olenna.
OLENNA: Oh, I'd nearly forgotten.
TYRION: Yes, and maintaining supply lines--
OLENNA: I can't think how it slipped my mind. What is it, 12,000 infantrymen the Tyrell family has supplied? 2,000 in support. Provisions so this city might survive the winter. A million bushels of wheat. Half a million bushels each of barley, oats, and rye. 20,000 head of cattle. 50,000 sheep. You don't have to lecture me about wartime expenses. I'm quite familiar with them.
TYRION: And we are so grateful for your contributions which are necessary for the preservation of the realm.
OLENNA: As is a royal wedding. The people are hungry for more than just food. They crave distractions. And if we don't provide them, they'll create their own. And their distractions are likely to end with us being torn to pieces. A royal wedding is much safer. Wouldn't you say?
TYRION: I would.
OLENNA: And traditionally paid for by the royal family.
TYRION: (nods)
The door opens and PODRICK returns with figs.
OLENNA: I was told you were drunk, impertinent, and thoroughly debauched. You can imagine my disappointment at finding nothing but a browbeaten bookkeeper. Where did you go for them, Volantis?
TYRION: My lady--
OLENNA: Oh, very well. I won't have it said that House Tyrell refuses to play its part. We'll pay for half the expenses and the celebrations will go on as planned. Is that sufficient?
TYRION: Quite sufficient. Thank you.
OLENNA: Very good, then. That's settled. Good day.
TYRION and OLENNA stand, and she exits.
TYRION: Give me that.
TYRION takes a fig from PODRICK's tray.
INT: Riverlands, the Brotherhood's cave.
GENDRY works on BERIC's armor.
ARYA: What are you doing?
GENDRY: Just mending Lord Beric's armor.
ARYA: Why?
GENDRY: I'm going to stay on and smith for the Brotherhood.
ARYA: Have you lost your mind? When the Lannisters find this place, you think they'll spare the smiths? They'll cave your head in with your own helmet.
GENDRY: The Lannisters wanted to kill me long before I joined the Brotherhood.
ARYA: You don't have to do this.
GENDRY: I want to. They need good men.
ARYA: Robb needs good men, too. We're leaving tomorrow. And then you--
GENDRY: What? Serve him? I've served men my entire life. I served Master Mott at King's Landing and he sold me to the Watch. I served Lord Tywin at Harrenhal, wondering every day if I'd get tortured or killed. I'm done serving.
ARYA: You just said you were serving Lord Beric.
GENDRY: He may be their leader, but they chose him. These men are brothers. They're a family. I've never had a family.
ARYA: I can be your family.
GENDRY: You wouldn't be my family. You'd be 'my lady.
ARYA exits.
INT: Riverrun
WILLEM and MARTY lie sleeping. There are sounds of a battle outside their cell. MARTYN shakes WILLEM to wake him
MARTYN: 'Willem. Willem!
The door bursts open, and RICKARD KARSTACK runs the guard through with his sword. He and his men enter.
WILLEM: Is this a rescue? Rickard KARSTARK: Lannister filth! Take him!
KARSTARK's men take WILLEM.  MARTYN  Please, I didn't do anything. I'm just a squire. Please--
RICKARD KARSTARK stabs MARTYN in the gut
INT: Riverrun
WILLEM and MARTYN lie dead on a blanket. TALISA kneels beside them and ROBB stands beside her. BRYDEN stands opposite, while CATELYN sits behind them.
ROBB: Bring them in.
Brynden opens the door.  RICKARD KARSTARK and his men walk in, hands bound.
ROBB: Is that all of them? It took five of you to murder two unarmed squires?
RICKARD KARSTARK: Not murder, Your Grace. Vengeance.
ROBB: Vengeance? Those boys didn't kill your sons. I saw Harrion die on the battlefield and Torrhen--
RICKARD KARSTARK: Was strangled by the Kingslayer. They were his kin.
ROBB: They were boys! Look at them.
RICKARD KARSTARK: Tell your mother to look at them. She killed them as much as I.
ROBB: My mother had nothing to do with this. This was your treason.
RICKARD KARSTARK: It's treason to free your enemies. In war, you kill your enemies. Did your father not teach you that, boy?
Brynden punches Rickard Karstark
ROBB: Leave him.
RICKARD KARSTARK: Aye. Leave me to the king. He wants to give me a scolding before he sets me free. That's how he deals with treason. Our King in the North. Or should I call him the King Who Lost the North?
ROBB: Escort Lord Karstark to the dungeon. Hang the rest.
MAN: Mercy, sire! I didn't kill anyone. I only watched for the guards.
ROBB: This one was only the watcher. Hang him last so he can watch the others die.
MAN: Please! Please, no. They made me do it! They made me! They made me!
BRYNDEN takes out RICKARD KARSTARK and men. ROBB sits at his table. TALISA and EDMURE approach.
EDMURE: Word of this can't leave Riverrun. They were Tywin Lannister's nephews. The Lannisters pay their debts. They never stop talking about it.
ROBB: Would you make me a liar as well as a murderer?
EDMURE: It wouldn't be lying. We will bury them and remain silent until the war is done.
ROBB: I'm not fighting for justice if I don't serve justice to murderers in my ranks, no matter how highborn. He has to die.
CATELYIN stands and approaches.
CATELYN: The Karstarks are Northmen. They won't forgive the killing of their lord.
TALISA: Your mother's right. If you do this, the Karstarks will abandon you.
ROBB: You tended to their wounds. You brought them supper. Now they're dead.
TALISA: And more boys will keep dying until this war is over. You need Karstark men to end it.
CATELYN: Spare his life. Keep him as a hostage.
EDMURE: A hostage. Tell the Karstarks that as long as they remain loyal, he will not be harmed.
ROBB coniders.
EXT: Riverrun gards, later. Rain pours down.
Men bring out the bound RICKARD KARSTARK. ROBB appraoches.
ROBB: That didn't stop you from betraying me. And it won't save you now.
RICKARD KARSTARK: I don't want it to save me. I want it to haunt you to the end of your days.
ROBB: Kneel, my lord.
RICKARD KARSTARK willingly leans over the table, before ROBB, who holds a great sword,
ROBB: Rickard Karstark, Lord of Karhold, here in sight of gods and men, I sentence you to die. Would you speak a final word?
RICKARD KARSTARK: Kill me and be cursed. You are no king of mine.
ROBBB beheads RICKARD KARSTARK with a single great blow. He walks away, conflicted and frustrated.
INT: RIverrun, the Brotherhood's caverns.
ARYA stands by the fire. THOROS lies nearby.
ARYA: Joffrey. Cersei. Ilyn Payne. Ser Meryn. The Hound. What are you going to do with me?
THOROS: At first light we'll ride for Riverrun. Your brother's there now. He'll make a contribution to our cause and you can go home.
ARYA: I'm a hostage and you're selling me.
THOROS: Don't think of it that way.
ARYA: But it is that way.
THOROS: It is. And it isn't.
ARYA: More is than isn't.
THOROS: Beric admired your father a great deal, you know. He wanted to refuse your ransom altogether.
ARYA: So why don't you?
THOROS: We need the gold.
BERIC enters and sits. ARYA looks uncomfortable.
BERIC: Do I frighten you, child?
ARYA: No.
BERIC: You're angry with me. And I don't blame you. But letting him go was the right thing. I have more reason than most to want him hanged.
ARYA: I thought he killed you.
BERIC: He did.
ARYA: But how?
BERIC: Thoros how many times have you brought me BACK?THOROS: It's the Lord of Light brings you back. I'm just the lucky drunk who says the words.
BERIC: How many times?
THOROS: Five, I think. No, this makes six.
BERIC: Six.
BERIC shows ARYA  the scar on his chest.
BERIC: Then I was stabbed in the belly.
THOROS: Then it was an arrow in the back. And that axe in the side.
BERIC: Then the Lannisters caught me and executed me for treason. Was it a hanging or a dagger in the eye?
THOROS: Both. Fuckers couldn't decide.
BERIC shows ARYA his right eye, sewn shut behind his eye patch.
THOROS: And the Hound makes six.
BERIC: Second time I've been killed by a Clegane.
THOROS: You'd think you'd learn. It's not getting any easier, you know.
BERIC: I know. Every time I come back, I'm a bit less. Pieces of you get chipped away.
ARYA: Could you bring back a man without a head? Not six times. Just once.
THOROS: I don't think it works that way, child.
BERIC: He was a good man, Ned Stark. He's at rest now, somewhere. I would never wish my life upon him.
ARYA: I would. You're alive.
INT: Dragonstone.
SELYSE prays with palms open to a fire in a roughly hewn room.
SELYSE: Lord, cast your light upon me. Protect me in the darkness. Burn away my sins. Help me serve you. Use me as you will. For the night is dark and full of terrors.
The door opens and STANNIS enters. He stands at the threshold, silently. t
SELYSE: I have prayed day and night for you to come to me.
STANNIS: My lady.
SELYSE nods in greeting.
STANNIS: I meant to come sooner. The battle--
SELYSE: I know of your troubles, My king. The Lady Melisandre has told me everything.
STANNIS: Yes, of course.
SELYSE: You mustn't despair. Your claim is true. You will be victorious.
STANNIS: I believed that once.
SELYSE: You are the one god's champion and the finest man I've ever known.
STANNIS: Selyse. I've broken a sacred vow. I've sinned.
SELYSE: No.
STANNIS: I've wronged you. I have shamed you.
SELYSE: You're doing god's work.
SELYSE: I know, Stannis. The Lady Melisandre has told me everything. No act done in service of the Lord of Light can ever be a sin. When she told me, I wept with joy.
SELYSE walks past STANNIS toward three specimen jars. Each contains a stillborn baby in a cloudy, green liquid.
STANNIS: That's not true.
SELYSE: So you've come to see her as well? There is no need. You must keep away from such distractions.
STANNIS: She's my daughter. I want to see her.
SELYSE: You are a king. You don't need my permission.
Stannis exits.
CUT TO: The hallway.
STANNIS walks up to another closed door. SHIREEN sings behind it.
SHIREEN: (sings) Under the sea I know, I know/ Oh, oh, oh
CUT TO:  Inside SHIREEN's room.
SHIREEN lies below a shuttered window. Sounds of seabird and crashing surf waft through the room.
SHIREEN: (sings) The birds have scales  / And the fish take wing / I know, I know / Oh, oh, oh
STANNIS: Shireen.
SHIREEN: Father!
SHIREEN rushes up and hugs STANNIS. He sighs and does not return his embrace. She looks up at him, showing the greyscale that has consumed the left side of her face.
STANNIS: You've grown since I last saw you.
She pulls him to sit on the bed.
SHIREEN: Mother said you fought in a battle. Did you win?
STANNIS: No.
SHIREEN: Did the Onion Knight come back with you?
STANNIS: He did. He fought bravely.
SHIREEN: He hasn't come to visit me. He said he'd bring me back a present from the capital.
STANNIS: He won't be visiting, child.
SHIREEN: Why not? He's my friend. Look.
SHIREEN gets up and opens a nearby drawer. She returns with a carved two-masted boat.
SHIREEN: He made this for me. But don't tell Mother I have it. It's a secret. Mother doesn't like the Onion Knight.
STANNIS: Ser Davos is a traitor. He's rotting in a dungeon cell for his crime. Best forget him.
SHIREEN looks down, cradling her ship. STANNIS rises and exits.
INT: Harenhall bathing chamber
BRIENE sits in a large bath pool in an ornate bathing room, scrubbing the layers of filth from her arms with a bristle brush.
JAIME: Not so hard. You'll scrub the skin off.
JAMIE has entered with a SQUIRE. BRIENNE is surprised.
BRIENNE: What are you doing here?
JAIME: I need a bath. Help me out of these rags.
The SQUIRE helps JAIME undress. We see JAIME's stubbed wrist, wrapped cleanly and tightly.
JAIME: Now get out.
The SQUIRE exits. JAIME removes his trousers and BRIENNE looks away in modesty. JAIME moves to  enter the tub with Brienne
BRIENNE: There's another tub.
BREINNE moves to the far corner of the tub, but JAIME walks to join her. He steps in
JAIME: This one suits me fine. Don't worry. I'm not interested. If I faint, pull me out. I don't intend to be the first Lannister to die in a bathtub.
BRIENNE: Why should I care how you die?
JAIME: You swore a solemn vow, remember? You're supposed to get me to King's Landing in one piece. Not going so well, is it? No wonder Renly died with you guarding him.
BRIENNE stands bold and naked, challenging JAIME to continue. He is shamed.
JAIME: That was unworthy. Forgive me. You protected me better than most--
BRIENNE: Don't you mock me.
JAIME: I'm apologizing. I'm sick of fighting. Let's call a truce.
BRIENNE: You need trust to have a truce.
JAIME: I trust you.
BRIENNE sits, appeased, but fuming.
JAIME: There it is. There's the look. I've seen it for 17 years on face after face. You all despise me. Kingslayer. Oathbreaker. A man without honor. You've heard of wildfire?
BRIENNE: Of course.
BRIENNE stares wide-eyed, and doesn't answer.
BRIENNE: If this is true why didn't you tell anyone? Why didn't you tell Lord Stark?
JAIME is exhausted after his speech. He breaths heavily
JAIME: Stark? You think the honorable Ned Stark wanted to hear my side? He judged me guilty the moment he set eyes on me. By what right does the wolf judge the lion? By what right?
JAIME tries to stand, but collapses into BRIENNE's arms.
BRIENNE: Help! Help! The Kingslayer!
JAIME: Jaime. My name is Jaime.
INT: Dragonstone dungeon
SHIREEN whispers to a sleeping DAVOS through the iron bars of his cell.
SHIREEN: Onion Knight. Ser Onion Knight.
DAVOS: Princess? Gods, what are you doing here?
SHIREEN: Shh, you'll wake Bert.
DAVOS: Bert?
DAVOS comes to the bars to talk.
SHIREEN: He's the fat one. He's on guard duty tonight. He likes to drink wine and sleep a lot.
DAVOS: Go back to your room. You're not supposed to be here. If your father knew--
SHIREEN: he said you Were a traitor. Are you?
DAVOS: I am, child. I disobeyed my king, your father, and now I'm paying the price.
SHIREEN: I don't care. You're my friend. You must get bored down here. I brought you something to read. It's about Aegon and his dragons. Aegon used to live here. Did you know that? And the Targaryens built this castle.
DAVOS: Aye. So they did.
SHIREEN: You can hide the book under your cloak. It's a good one. I'll bring you more.
DAVOS: Thank you, my lady. I'm sure it's a fine book, but it's wasted on me.
SHIREEN: Take it. I have more.
DAVOS: My lady, I can't read the words.
SHIREEN: You can't?
DAVIS: (shakes his head no)
SHIREEN: I'll teach you. I'll come when Bert's on duty and teach you.
DAVOS: No. No. No.
SHIREEN: It's easy. It'll be fun.
DAVOS: Go. We can't.
SHIREEN: Why not? What will they do, lock us in cells?
DAVOS: (laughs) I wouldn't know where to start.
SHIREEN: At the beginning. This word is Aegon. When you see A, E, and G together like that, it sounds like egg. And the title of the whole book is 'An History of Aegon the Conqueror and His Conquest of Westeros.'
EXT: Slaver's Bay
Unsullied and Dothraki march across the landscape. DAENERYS rides up on a white horse. JORAH and BARRISTAN talk on their mounts nearby.
JORAH: It was a bitch of a siege.
BARRISTAN: Mm, you were first through the breach at Pyke?
JORAH: The second. Thoros of Myr went in alone, waving that flaming sword of his.
BARRISTAN: Thoros of Myr. Bloody madman. Robert knighted you after the battle?
JORAH: Proudest moment of my life. One knee in the dust, the king's sword on my shoulder, listening to the words. 'In the name of the Warrior, I charge you to be brave.' All I could think of was how badly I had to piss.
BARRISTAN: (laughs)
JORAH: In full plate metal for 16 hours. Never occurred to me till the fighting was over. I was very nearly the first man knighted to piss on the king's boots.
JORAH and BARRISTAN lead their horses to water.
BARRISTAN: Robert would have laughed. He was a good man, a great warrior. And a terrible king. I burned away my years fighting for terrible kings.
JORAH: You swore an oath.
BARRISTAN: Yes. And a man of honor keeps his vows, even if he's serving a drunk or a lunatic. Just once in my life before it's over, I want to know what it's like to serve with pride, to fight for someone I believe in. Do you believe in her?
BARRISTAN nods towards DAENERYS in the background.
JORAH: With all my heart.
CUT  TO: just ahead at the river.
DAENERYS: These are the ones?
MISSANDEI: Yes, khaleesi. The officers.
A score of Unsullied march and halt in front of them.
DAENERYS: (speaks Valyrian) You did not choose this life. But you are free men now. And free men make their own choices. Have you selected your own leader from amongst your ranks?
The Unsullied part, revealing their chosen leader, GREY WORM
DAENERYS: (speaks Valyrian)  Remove your helmet
GREY WORM removes his helmet and walks forward, head bowed. He then looks up at DAENERYS.
GREY WORM: (speaks Valyrian) This one has the honor
DAENERYS: (speaks Valyrian) What is your name?
GREY WORM: (speaks Valyrian) Grey Worm.
Daenerys is confused.
DAENERYS: (speaks Valyrian) Grey Worm.
DAENERYS: (speaks Valeryan) From this day forward you will choose your own names. You will tell your fellow soldiers to do the same. Throw away your slave name. Choose the name your parents gave you, or any other. A name that gives you pride.
GREY WORM: (speaks Valeryan) "Grey Worm" gives me pride. It is a very lucky name. The name this one was born with was cursed. That was the name he had when he was taken as a slave. But Grey Worm is the name this one had the day Daenerys Stormborn set him free.
CUT TO: Further back on the river.
JORAH and BARRISTAN lead their horses.
JORAH: King Robert wanted her dead.
BARRISTAN: Of course he wanted her dead. She's a Targaryen. The last Targaryen.
JORAH: I suppose no one on the small council could speak sense to him.
BARRISTAN: I didn't sit on the small council.
JORAH: No? Doesn't the Lord of the Kingsguard traditionally--
BARRISTAN: Traditionally, yes, but I killed a dozen of Robert's friends during his rebellion.
The mount their horses.
BARRISTAN: He didn't want advice on how to govern from a man who had fought for the Mad King. Can't say I minded much. I always hated the politics.
They begin to ride alongside the marching Dothraki and Unsullied.
BARRISTAN: Mm-hmm.
JORAH: Still, she'll have to wade through that muck if she wants to rule the Seven Kingdoms.
BARRISTAN: She'll have good men around her to advise her, men with experience.
JORAH: Which men do you have in mind?
BARRISTAN: Forgive me, Ser Jorah, for what I'm about to say, but your reputation in Westeros has suffered over the years.
JORAH: It suffered for a reason. I sold men into slavery.
BARRISTAN: I don't know if your presence by her side will help our cause when we go home.
JORAH: Our cause? Forgive me, Ser Barristan, but I was busy defending the khaleesi against King Robert's assassins while you were still bowing to the man.
BARRISTAN: We both want her to rule. Am I wrong?
JORAH: You only joined us a few days ago. I can't speak to your intentions.
BARRISTAN: If we're truly her loyal servants, we will do whatever needs to be done, no matter the cost, no matter our pride.
JORAH: You're not Lord here. You're just another exile. And I take my orders from the queen.
INT: Riverrun war room
ROBB surveys a battle map, in deep concentration.
TALISA: Come to bed.
ROBB: You were right.
ROBB throws down an army piece in disgust.
ROBB: The Karstarks are gone. Almost half our forces. Tywin Lannister knows what he needs to do to make us unravel. Nothing. Only wait.
TALISA: Don't let him.
ROBB: What can I do? Attack King's Landing? There's nothing he'd like better. He'd crush us in a day.
TALISA: We could ride north. Take your land back from the Greyjoys. Wait out the winter.
ROBB: Winter could last five years. Once my bannermen are home again, sitting by the fire, surrounded by their families, warm and safe, they'll never ride south again. When I gathered my lords together, we had a purpose, a mission. Now we're like a band of bickering children.
TALISA: Give them a new purpose.
ROBB: What?
TALISA: Oh, I don't know. I don't even know where Winterfell is.
ROBB takes her hand and uses it to point out locations on the large map.
ROBB: Here. And we're here. King's Landing--
He pauses as a thought takes his mind.
TALISA: What is it?
ROBB: I can't force them to meet us in the field and I can't attack them where they're strongest, but I can attack them where they're not.
ROBB moves one piece to take another on the map.
ROBB: And Casterly Rock can't run away. I'm going to take their home away from them.
TALISA: Can you do it?
ROBB moves a final piece with a clack.
EXT: King's Landing garden
SANSA and MARGAERY sit with a sumptuous meal, watching LORAS and another man battle for show.
SANSA: He's such a splendid fighter. Do you have any idea when we might
MARGAERY:  I'll plant the seed as soon as Joffrey and I are married. It should grow quickly.
SANSA: Joffrey won't let me leave. He's got too many reasons to keep me here.
MARGAERY: And only one to let you go. Because it will please me.
LORAS: Squire!
OLYVAR rushes forward to give LORAS a goblet.
OLYVAR: Well fought, ser.
LORAS: That was no fight. I don't know you.
OLYVAR: Olyver, if it please you.
OLYVAR starts to undo the straps of LORAS' practice armor.
OLYVAR: I should like to see you spar with a proper partner, ser.
LORAS: (chuckles)
Their eyes meet.
CUT TO: LORAS's chambers
LORAS and OLYVAR lie a bed in passionate and hungry embrace. OLYVAR Is nude.
LORAS: How did you know?
OLYVAR: Know what?
LORAS: That I wanted to.
OLYVAR stands to get a drink.
LORAS: My lord I'll have you know I'm to be married soon and even my intended hasn't the slightest notion.
OLYVAR: They rarely do, in my experience.
LORAS approaches behind him.
LORAS: You have a good deal of experience, do you?
OLYVAR: With the husbands.
They embrace and return to bed.
INT: Littlefinger's Chambers
LITTLEFINGER: That didn't take long.
OLYVAR: Well, it took long enough. It seems our Knight of Flowers is engaged to be wed.
LITTLEFINGER: Is he? And who's the lucky girl?
EXT: King's Landing shoreline overlook.
SANSA look out at a sailing ship in the bay.
LITTLEFINGER: She may not be the grandest ship in the world or the fastest, but she's mine. I've always wanted a ship. Now I want a dozen. Strange, isn't it?
SANSA: What is?
LITTLEFINGER: It doesn't matter what we want, once we get it, then we want something else. Your hair is different.
SANSA: Is it?
LITTLEFINGER: Lady Margaery wears it that way.
SANSA: Many ladies wear it this way.
LITTLEFINGER: I have good news. I'll be leaving the city soon.
SANSA: You still want me to come with you?
LITTLEFINGER: It's not a question of what I want. It's what you want. You want to go home, don't you?
SANSA: Of course. More than anything. But maybe it would be better to wait. I've been thinking how dangerous it would be. Not just for me, but for you. You've been so kind. I'd feel terrible if anything happened to you. I can't tell you how touched I am by your concern for my welfare.
LITTLEFINGER: I hope you know that I'm your friend, Sansa. Your true friend.
SANSA: I do, Lord Baelish.
LITTLEFINGER: Petyr.
SANSA: Petyr.
LITTLEFINGER: If you wish to stay, then of course you will stay.
LITTLEFINGER kisses her hand.
LITTLEFINGER: We'll speak again when I return.
LITTLEFINGER exits.
INT: Tywin's chambers
TYRION enters, carrying a large tome. He spies CERSEI and pauses.
TYWIN: You're late.
TYRION: What's she doing here?
TYWIN: Our business concerns her, too. Sit.
TYRION sits at the table.
TYRION: You'll be pleased to learn that after one conversation with Olenna Tyrell, I've saved the crown hundreds of thousands on this wedding.
TYWIN: Never mind that now. We have something important to discuss.
TYRION: I'm Master of Coin. Saving money is important.
TYRION: (to Cersei) Stop that. You're making me uncomfortable.
TYWIN: Your sister has learned that your new friends the Tyrells are plotting to marry Sansa Stark to Ser Loras.
TYRION: Very well. She's a lovely girl. Missing some of Loras' favorite bits, but I'm sure they'll make do.
TYWIN: Your jokes are not appreciated.
TYRION: It wasn't my best, but--
TYWIN: I bring them into the royal fold and this is how they repay me, by trying to steal the key to the North out from under me.
TYRION: Sansa is the key to the North? I seem to remember she has an older brother.
TYWIN: The Karstarks have marched home. The young wolf has lost half his army. His days are numbered. Theon Greyjoy murdered both his brothers. That makes Sansa Stark the heir to Winterfell. And I am not about to hand her over to the Tyrells.
TYRION: The Tyrell army is helping us to win this war. Do you really think it's wise to refuse them?
TYWIN: There's nothing to refuse. This is a plot. Plots are not public knowledge. And the Tyrells won't carry this one out until after Joffrey's wedding. We need to act first and kill this union in its crib.
TYRION: And how do we do that?
TYWIN: We find Sansa Stark a different husband.
TYRION: Wonderful.
CERSEI: (amused) Yes, it is.
TYRION realizes TYWIN's intent to marry him to SANSA.
TYRION: You can't mean it.
TYWIN: I can and I do.
TYRION: Joffrey has made this poor girl's life miserable since the day he took her father's head. Now she's finally free of him and you give her to me? That's cruel even for you.
TYRION: She's a child!
CERSEI: She's flowered, I assure you. She and I have discussed it at length.
TYWIN: There, you see? You will wed her, bed her, and put a child in her. Surely you're capable of that.
TYRION: And if I refuse?
TYWIN: You wanted to be rewarded for your valor in battle. Sansa Stark is a finer reward than you could ever dare hope for. And it is past time you were wed.
TYRION: I was wed. Or don't you remember?
TYWIN: Only too well.
CERSEI: You should be thanking the gods for this. This is more than you deserve.
TYWIN: Tyrion will do as he's bid. As will you.
CERSEI: What do you mean?
TYWIN: You'll marry Ser Loras.
CERSEI: I will not.
TYWIN: The boy is heir to Highgarden. Tyrion will secure the North, you will secure the Reach.
CERSEI: No, I won't do it.
TYWIN: Yes, you will. You're still fertile. You need to marry again and breed.
CERSEI: I am Queen Regent, not some broodmare.
TYWIN: You're my daughter! You will do as I command and you will marry Loras Tyrell and put an end to the disgusting rumors about you once and for all.
CERSEI: Father, don't make me do it again, please.
TYWIN slams his fist on the table and rises.
TYWIN: Not another word. My children. You've disgraced the Lannister name for far too long.
TYWIN exits. Both CERSEI and TYRION brood.
CREDITS
SHIREEN: (singing)  It's always summer / Under the sea / I know I know / Oh, oh, oh. / The birds have scales / And the fish take wing / I know I know / Oh, oh, oh. / The rain is dry / and snow falls up / I know, I know / Oh, oh, oh. / The stones crack open / The water burns / The shadows come to dance / My lord / The shadows come to play / The shadows come to dance / My lord / The shadows come to stay.
EXT: North of the Wall, Night
SAM tends to the fire while GILLY sits nearby, cradling her baby.
GILLY: You've got too much wood in there.
SAM: But the more wood, the bigger the fire.
GILLY: It needs to breathe. Take off that big log.
SAM removes the log. The fire quickly comes to life.
SAM: Huh. You know your fires.
SAM sits.
GILLY: Someone built your fires for you growing up?
SAM: It doesn't get so cold down in the Reach. And there were servants, of course.
GILLY: I knew you were highborn.
SAM: Oh, I found something at the Fist of the First Men. Buried treasure. Thousands of years old. I think.
SAM pulls out the dragonglass knife.
GILLY: What does it do?
SAM: I'm not sure that it does anything. It's beautiful, though, isn't it?
GILLY: How much longer?
SAM: Not so far. A few more days.
GILLY: Is the Wall as big as they say?
SAM: Bigger. So big you can't even see the top sometimes. It's hidden in clouds.
GILLY: You're playing with me.
SAM: I'm not. It's 700 feet high, all made of ice. On a warm day you can see it weeping. Castle Black is nice enough. They keep a fire burning in the long hall day and night. And Hobb makes venison stew with onions. Very tasty. Sometimes, one of the brothers will sing. Dareon sings best.
GILLY: Do you sing?
SAM: No. No, no, no. Not very well.
GILLY: Sing me a song.
SAM: Oh, all right. Let's see.
The baby fusses.
SAM: Oh ahem. (sings) The father's face is stern and strong / He sits and judges right from wrong / He weighs our lives, the short and long / And loves the little children / The mother gives the gift of life / And watches over every wife / Her gentle smile ends all strife  /And she loves her little children.
EXT: The North, morning
MEERA skins a rabbit while OSHA looks on.
OSHA: That's not how you skin a rabbit.
MEERA: I know how to skin a rabbit.
OSHA: Not by the looks of it.
BRAN sits, back to a tree nearby. OSHA skins another rabbit in a quick motion and twists its head off.
OSHA: You grow up north of the Wall, you learn the proper way to handle game.
MEERA: I didn't see any game before I got here.
OSHA: If I had a bow, I could have shot a dozen rabbits.
MEERA: Well, I made this bow myself. Guess you don't learn how to do that north of the Wall.
OSHA: You learn how to use your fists, though.
MEERA: Oh, you're gonna punch the rabbits to death?
OSHA: I had someone else in mind.
MEERA: Well, someone else is sitting right here.
BRAN: You're both very good at skinning rabbits.
OSHA: Some of us are just a little better.
MEERA: Well, some of us would say thank you when someone else hunts down their breakfast for them. Or don't they teach you to say thank you north of the Wall?
OSHA: You've got a big mouth, girl, and too many teeth.
OSHA and MEERA stand, posturing for a fight.
BRAN: Stop it!
HODOR: Hodor.
BRAN: You've been fighting since you met. Just stop it.
OSHA: Lady Reed here's got a stick so far up her ass, it's a wonder her feet touch the ground.
BRAN: You've been nasty to her every day. Of course she's nasty back.
OSHA: Me? It's my fault? First time I met her, she put a knife to my throat.
BRAN: First time I met you, you held a knife at me. We can't fight each other. We'll never make it to the Wall. I want you both to make peace.
OSHA and MEERA kneel and get back to work.
MEERA: Your way of skinning rabbits is quicker than mine.
OSHA: I said so, didn't I?
BRAN: Osha!
OSHA: You're a good little hunter.
MEERA: Thank you. See? Not so hard, is it? Thank you.
OSHA: Don't push me.
JOJEN begins to spasm in his sleep. MEERA goes to him to help. She places a leather belt between his teeth. The spasm continues.
MEERA: Shh. I'm right here with you.
RICKON wakes.
RICKON: What's happening?
MEERA: I'm right here with you.
RICKON: What's wrong with him?
JOJEN's fit worsens, his eyes now open.
MEERA: The visions take their toll.
BRAN: He's having one now?
MEERA: (nods)
JOEN cones to his senses and sits up.
JOJEN: I saw Jon Snow.
BRAN: You saw him? At Castle Black?
JOJEN: He was on the wrong side of the Wall surrounded by enemies.
EXT: North of the Wall
The Wildlings pack up their camp in the woods. TORMUND, ORELL, JON and YGRITTE are among them.
TORMUND: Used to be you couldn't find a tree within a mile of the Wall. Crows would come out every morning with axes.
TORMUND exits.
ORELL: Your flock gets smaller every year.
ORELL exits.
JON: You ever climbed it before?
YGRITTE: No. But Tormund's done it half a hundred times. You're afraid.
JON: Aren't you?
YGRITTE: Aye. It's a long way up and a long way down. But I've waited my whole life to see the world from up there. Here, sit down.
JON sits. YGRITTE hands him some climbing cleats to strap onto his boots.
YGRITTE: I brought a pair for you. They're too big for you, but they're good.
JON: You kill someone for them?
YGRITTE: Nah. I didn't kill him, but I bet his balls are still bruised.
They laugh.
YGRITTE: He wasn't good to me the way you're good to me. He didn't do that thing you do with your tongue.
JON: Can we not talk about that here?
YGRITTE: 'Can we not talk about that here? I'm Jon Snow. I've killed dead men and Qhorin Halfhand, but I'm scared of naked girls.'
JON: Did I seem scared the other day?
YGRITTE: You were trembling like a leaf.
JON: Only in the beginning.
YGRITTE: Only in the beginning. You're a proper lover, Jon Snow. And don't worry. Your secret's safe with me.
JON: What secret?
YGRITTE: Do you think I'm as dumb as all those girls in silk dresses you knew growing up? You're loyal and you're brave. You didn't stop being a crow the day you walked into Mance Rayder's tent.
JON freezes. YGRITTE comes closer, furtively.
YGRITTE: But I'm your woman now, Jon Snow. You're going to be loyal to your woman. The Night's Watch don't care if you live or die. Mance Rayder don't care if I live or die. We're just soldiers in their armies and there's plenty more to carry on if we go down.
She moves to sit next to him.
YGRITTE: It's you and me that matters to me and you. Don't ever betray me.
JON: I won't.
YGRITTE: 'Cause I'll cut your pretty cock right off and wear it 'round my neck.
TORMUND returns. He hands JON a climbing axe.
TORMUND: Sink your metal deep and make sure it holds before taking your next step. And if you fall, don't scream. You don't want that to be the last thing she remembers.
EXT: Riverlands Woods, the Brotherhood without Banners.
ARYA practices with a bow, shooting arrows into a straw man. She says a name with each arrow she lets fly. ANGUY watches, while THOROS sit nearby, drinking.
ARYA: Joffrey. Cersei. Ilyn Payne.
ANGUY: You're good. You're not as good as you think you are.
ANGUY: Aye, but you took your sweet time of it. You won't be fighting straw men, little lady. Show me your position.
ARYA pulls back the bow and ANGUY corrects her form.
ANGUY: Keep your elbow high. You want your back doing the hard labor. You're holding. Never hold.
ARYA lowers the bow.
ARYA: What?
ANGUY: Your muscles tense up when you hold. Pull the string back to the center of your chin and release. Never hold.
ARYA: But I have to aim.
ANGUY: Never aim.
ARYA: Never aim?
ANGUY: Your eye knows where it wants the arrow to go. Trust your eye.
ARYA draws the bow.
ARYA: There's someone out there.
A party of mounted travelers approaches. ANGUY takes the bow and meets them on the path.
ANGUY: That's about far enough.
MELISANDRE lowers her red hood.
MELISANDRE: We come as friends.
ANGUY: Begging your pardon, m'lady, but we'll be the judge of that.
MELISANDRE: Valar morghulis.
THOROS: Valar dohaeris. (speaks Valyrian) I don't see many priestesses of R'hollor in the Riverlands.
MELISANDRE: (speaks Valyrian) You are Thoros of Myr.
THOROS: (nods)
MELISANDRE: (speaks Valyrian) The High Priest gave you a mission. Turn King Robert away from his idols and towards the Lord of Light. What happened?
THOROS: (speaks Valyrian) I failed.
MELISANDRE: (speaks Valyrian) You quit, you mean. The heathen continue to slaughter each other and you continue to get drunk.
THOROS: (speaks Valyrian) You worship Him in your way, and I'll worship Him in mine. Do you speak the common tongue?
THOROS: My friends here don't speak High Valyrian. Why are you here, my lady?
EXT: Brotherhood's caverns.
BERIC sits by the fire. MELISANDRE and THOROS enter. He stands.
BERIC: Forgive my manners. I don't see many ladies these days.
THOROS: Lucky for the ladies.
Melisandre scans Beric, with both her eyes and her hand. She is fascinated by his scars.
MELISANDRE: How many times has the Lord brought him back?
THOROS: Six.
MELISANDRE: (speaks Valerian) That's not possible.
THOROS: (speaks Valerian) The Lord has smiled upon me.
MELISANDRE: (speaks Valerian) You should not have this power.
THOROS: (speaks Valerian) I have no power. I ask the Lord for His favor, and He responds as He will.
THOROS sits and begins to drink again.
THOROS: I've always been a terrible priest. Drank too much rum. Fucked all the whores in King's Landing. It's a terrible thing to say, but by the time I came to Westeros, I didn't believe in our Lord. I decided that He, that all the gods, were stories we told the children to make them behave. So I wore the robes and every now and then I'd recite the prayers, but it was just for show. A spectacle for the locals. Until the Mountain drove a lance through this one's heart. I knelt beside his cold body and said the old words. Not because I believed in them, but he was my friend and he was dead. And they were the only words I knew. And for the first time in my life, the Lord replied. Beric's eyes opened and I knew the truth. Our god is the one true god. And all men must serve Him.
MELISANDRE: You've been to the other side.
BERIC: The other side? There is no other side. I have been to the darkness, my lady. He sent you to us for a reason.
MELISANDRE: You have someone He needs.
CUT TO: The woods outside the cavern.
ANGUY hands an arrowhead to GENDRY.
ANGUY: Bodkin point. Penetrates plate at 200 yards. Can you make 'em?
GENDRY: Yeah, nothing tricky about it. Just need decent steel.
ANGUY: I'll get you the steel.
MAN: Come on.
MELISANDRE and her men pass nearby, pulling a wagon.
ARYA: I don't like that woman.
MELISANDRE, THOROS and BERIC approach.
ANGUY: That's 'cause you're a girl.
GENDRY: (laughs)
ARYA: What does that have to do with anything?
BERIC: Forgive me, lad.
Two of MELISANDRE's guards grab and bind Gendry.
ARYA: What are you doing? Let go of him.
ARYA tries to intervene, but the guard pushes her away easily.
ARYA: Tell them to stop. Come on. He wants to be one of you. He wants to join the Brotherhood. Stop them!
BERIC: We serve the Lord of Light and the Lord of Light needs this boy.
ARYA: Did the Lord of Light tell you that or did she?
A GUARD returns from the horses with two sacks of gold. He hands them to BERIC. MELISANDRE walks away.
ARYA: You're not doing this for your god. You're doing it for gold.
THOROS: We're doing it for both, girl. We can't defend the people without weapons and horses and food. And we can't get weapons and horses and food without gold.
GENDRY: You told me this was a Brotherhood. You told me I could be one of you.
MELISANDRE: You are more than they can ever be. They're just foot soldiers in the great war. You will make kings rise and fall.
ARYA approaches MELISANDRE from behind, and spins her around from the elbow.
ARYA: You're a witch. You're going to hurt him.
Melisandre grabs Arya's chin.
The wagon carrying GENDRY drives away.
EXT: The wall.
TORMUND, ORELL, YGRITTE, JON climb the wall. Three more wildlings lag behind. The wind howls and the snow swirls. They use ropes, pitons and axes. The climb is slow and arduous.  The height is  dizzying.
YGRITTE: You staring at my ass, Jon Snow?
JON smiles. Just above them, TORMUND's axe releases a cluster of ice from the wall.
TORMUND: Look out!
ORELL and YGRITTE dodge, but the falling ice hits JON in the face, and he loses his grip. His pitons gives way, and he slides helplessly down the wall until the slack of his rope is used up.
YGRITTE: You all right?
JON begins to climb again.
TORMUND: Just seeing if you can take a hit, lad.
INT: A dungeon, somewhere.
RAMSAY blows a horn, waking THEON, who is bound to the X-shaped cross.
RAMSAY: Sorry. Were you sleeping?
THEON: Wa--
RAMSAY: Wa--? Wa--? Water? You want some water. I wish I had some for you.
RAMSAY holds up the mug from the table next to him. He slowly pours out the water to the floor. He rises and walks to THEON>
THEON: (whimpering)
RAMSAY: So let's play a game. Which body part do you need the least?
THEON: Please.
RAMSAY: Please is not a body part.
THEON: I'll tell you everything, please.
RAMSAY: But you've already told me everything. Remember? Your daddy was mean to you. The Starks didn't appreciate you. One good bit, though. The Stark boys, they're still alive. Wouldn't that be a hunt to remember? You failed, but I'm a better hunter than you.
Ramsay prods Theon.
RAMSAY: Now how about your little finger? You don't use that for much, do you? No? Good. Let's start with that.
RAMSAY works at the leather straps on THEON's right hand.
THEON: (groans)
RAMSAY: You've been wondering why you're here. Haven't you? Where you are. Who I am. Why I'm doing this to you. So guess. If you guess right, I'll tell you. By the old gods and the new, I swear it. You win the game if you can figure out who I am and why I'm torturing you and I win the game if you beg me to cut off your finger.
THEON: If I win, you'll let me go?
RAMSAY: If you think this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying attention.
THEON: Please.
RAMSAY draws a knife brandishes just before THEON's chin.
RAMSAY: You say please again and you'll wish you hadn't. You first. Where are we?
THEON: The North.
RAMSAY: Too vague.
THEON: Deepwood Motte.
RAMSAY: Terrible guess.
RAMSAY tortures THEON by stabbing his right pinky. THEON cries out.
RAMSAY: Now, where?
THEON: Last Hearth.
RAMSAY: Do I look like a fucking Umber to you?
This time, RAMSAY holds the knife in THEON's pinky for much longer.
THEON: Karhold!
RAMSAY stops.
RAMSAY: Karhold? How did you know that? Did you see any banners flying when we came in?
THEON: No. It was just a guess.
RAMSAY: Very good, Lord Theon. And who am I?
THEON: Torrhen Karstark.
RAMSAY: He's dead. Strangled by the Kingslayer.
THEON: He was your brother. Your father is Lord Rickard Karstark.
RAMSAY walks away.
THEON: You swore to tell me if I--
RAMSAY: You're right.
THEON: Lord Rickard Karstark is Robb Stark's bannerman. I betrayed Robb. That's why you're torturing me.
RAMSAY: Yes. You win.
THEON is relieved. RAMSAY looks dejected. But get rises suddenly, full of energy.
RAMSAY: Of course, you forgot to ask one question. You forgot to ask if I'm a liar.
Ramsay tortures Theon by twisting his knife in the tip of THEON's pinky.
THEON: (screams louder than before)
RAMSAY: I'm afraid I am.
RAMSAY squeezes THEON's pinkie.
RAMSAY: Everything I told you is a lie.
RAMSAY continues to punish THEON's pinky.
THEON: (screams in desperation)
The torture continues.
THEON: Please, cut it off! Cut it off! Cut it off!
RAMSAY stops and stands before THEON. He smiles.
RAMSAY: I win.
INT: Riverrun Great Hall
Robb, Catelyn, Brynden, Edmure, Black Walder and Lothar sit around a large table.
ROBB: Thank you for riding here so quickly. I know travel isn't easy in these times.
BLACK WALDER: The roads are crawling with cutthroats and bandits. But when the King of the North summons us, we come.
LOTHAR: Our father has instructed us to tell you that his alliance with the North can continue if his terms are met. Lord Frey requires a formal apology for your violation of your sacred oath to marry one of his daughters.
ROBB: Of course. He deserves as much. I was in the wrong.  Black WALDER: As restitution for this betrayal, he demands Harrenhal and all its attendant lands.
EDMURE: I don't think that's--
ROBB: We are fighting for the North. Harrenhal is not in the North. It is his once the war is over and we have no further strategic need for it.
BLACK WALDER: And there's something else.
ROBB: We will do whatever we can to give Lord Frey what he needs.
BLACK WALDER: Not what, whom.
BLACK WALDER looks at EDMURE.
EDMURE: What?
BRYDEN, ROBB and LOTHAR also stare at. EDMURE.
EDMURE: (chuckles) No.
EDMURE: How old is she?
LOTHAR: 19
EDMURE: Could I see her first?
BLACK WALDER: You want to count her teeth? We depart for the Twins in the morning. We need an answer before we leave and a wedding not more than a fortnight thereafter or this alliance is at an end.
BRYNDEN: Your father does realize we're in the middle of a war?
LOTHAR: Father is old. It will put his heart at peace if he could see her wed to a good husband.  Black WALDER: And his recent experience has made him wary of long engagements.
ROBB: He has every right to be. Please excuse us while we discuss it.
LOTHAR and BLACK WALDER exit.
EDMURE: Why should I let that old ferret choose my bride for me? At the very least, I should be offered the same choice you were. I'm his liege lord.
EDMURE stands.
ROBB: He's a proud man and we've wounded him.
EDMURE: I didn't wound him. My answer is no.
BRYNDEN stands and walks to EDMURE.
BRYNDEN: Listen to me and listen very carefully. You--
EDMURE: The laws of gods and men are very clear. No man can compel another man to marry.
BRYNDEN: The laws of my fist are about to compel your teeth.
ROBB: It's all right. You heard him. If you refuse, our alliance with the Freys is dead.
BRYDEN sits.
EDMURE: He's wanted me for one of his daughters since I was 12. He's not gonna stop wanting it now. When I say no, he will come back and offer me a daughter of my choosing.
CATELYN: You're willing to risk our freedom and our lives for a chance at a prettier wife?
ROBB: I have a war to fight. We can't win it without them. I have no time to haggle. You said you wanted to make amends for the Stone Mill.
BRYNDEN: You recall that heroic engagement?
EDMURE: I had something less permanent in mind.
ROBB: I've won every battle, but I'm losing this war. If we don't do this and do it now, we're lost.
EDMURE: I'll marry her.
ROBB: You're paying for my sins, Uncle. It's not fair or right. I'll remember it.
INT: Harenhall dining room
JAIME struggles to feed himself one-handed. BRIENNE sits next to him in a gown, and ROOSE sits across from them both.
ROOSE BOLTON: I see my men have finally found you something appropriate to wear.
BRIENNE: Yes. Most kind of them. You're a Stark bannerman, Lord Bolton. I am acting on Lady Stark's orders to return Jaime Lannister to King's Landing.  Roose BOLTON: When King Robb left Harrenhal, his mother was his prisoner. If she wasn't his mother, he'd have hanged her for treason.
Brienne stabs Jaime's steak so that he has leverage to cut it.
ROOSE BOLTON: I should send you back to Robb Stark.
JAIME: You should. But instead, you're sitting here watching me fail at dinner. Why might that be?
ROOSE BOLTON: Wars cost money. Many people would pay a great deal for you.
JAIME: We both know who would pay the most. Or make you pay the most if he found out you had captured me and sent me back up north for a summary execution.
ROOSE BOLTON: You're right. Perhaps the safest thing to do is to kill you both and burn your bodies.
JAIME: It would be, if you honestly believed my father would never find out about it.
ROOSE BOLTON: King Robb is keeping your father quite busy. He doesn't have time for anything else.
JAIME: He'll make time for you.
ROOSE BOLTON: As soon as you're well enough to travel, I will allow you to go to King's Landing as restitution for the mistakes my soldiers made. And you will swear to tell your father the truth, that I had nothing to do with your maiming.
JAIME nods and reaches for a pitcher.
JAIME: Shall we drink on it?
JAIME begins to pour, but ROOSE stops him.
ROOSE BOLTON: I don't partake.
JAIME: You do understand how suspicious that is to ordinary people?
JAIME pours wine for BRIENNE and himself.
JAIME: Very well. My lady, may our journey continue without further incident.
ROOSE BOLTON: Oh, she won't be going with you.
BRIENNE: I am charged with bringing Ser Jaime to--
ROOSE BOLTON: You are charged with abetting treason.
JAIME: I'm afraid I must insist.
ROOSE BOLTON: You're in no place to insist on anything. I would have hoped you'd learned your lesson about overplaying your position.
INT: King's Landing, Tywin's chambers.
OLENNA: Impossible.
TYWIN pours some wine.
TYWIN: Why?
OLENNA: My grandson is the pride of Highgarden. The most desirable bachelor in all seven kingdoms. Your daughter--
TYWIN: Is rich, the most beautiful woman in all seven kingdoms and the mother of the king.
TYWIN hands a glass to OLENNA.
OLENNA: Old.
TYWIN: Old?
OLENNA: Old. I'm something of an expert on the subject. Her change will be upon her before long. I'll spare you the details of what will happen then. You men may have a stomach for bloodshed and slaughter, but this is another matter entirely.
TYWIN: The years punish us as well, I promise you that. My stomach remains quite strong, however. The only thing that might turn it are details of your grandson's nocturnal activities. Do you deny them?
OLENNA: Oh, not at all. A sword swallower through and through.
TYWIN: And a boy with his affliction should be grateful for the opportunity to marry the most beautiful woman in the kingdoms and remove the stain from his name.
OLENNA: Did you grow up with boy cousins, Lord Tywin? Sons of your father's bannermen, squires, stable boys?
TYWIN: Of course.
OLENNA: And you never--
TYWIN: No.
OLENNA: Not once? Not in any way?
TYWIN: Never.
OLENNA: I congratulate you upon your restraint. But it's a natural thing, two boys having a go at each other beneath the sheets.
TYWIN: Perhaps Highgarden has a high tolerance for unnatural behavior.
TYWIN: I will not breathe further life into a malicious lie by discussing it.
TYWIN stands, offended. He pours himself more wine.
OLENNA: Lie or not, you must admit many people find it quite convincing. Convincing enough to put swords in their hands and send them off to kill Lannisters and Tyrells thanks to our new affiliation.
TYWIN: I don't care what people believe. And neither do you.
OLENNA refuses TYWIN's offer for more wine.
OLENNA: As an authority on myself, I must disagree.
TYWIN: Now, if the rumors about my children were true, then Joffrey is no king at all and House Tyrell is throwing its prized flower into the dirt.
OLENNA: And if Cersei is too old to give Loras children, we're throwing another prized flower into the dirt. It is a chance we simply cannot take.
TYWIN: The uncertainty makes you uncomfortable. All right. I'll remove it for you.
TYWIN sits back down at his desk.
TYWIN: If you refuse to marry Loras to Cersei, I will name him to the Kingsguard. I'm sure you're familiar with the Kingsguard vows. He will never marry. He will never have children.
OLENNA: Oh
TYWIN: The Tyrell name will fade. And Highgarden will go to the children of Joffrey and Margaery.
OLENNA: You would have your grandson protected by someone who disgusts you?
TYWIN: I would have my grandson protected by a skilled warrior who takes his vows seriously. So, shall I draw up the order? Or do you consent to this marriage?
TYWIN takes up a quill and prepares to write. OLENNA stands, and takes the quill from his hand.
OLENNA snaps the quill.
EXT: The Wall.
The weather has worsened for the climbers. They shout to be heard over the howling winds. Each blow of the axe takes great strength to penetrate the ice. YGRITTE buries her axe in the wall, but a great crack opens across it. The ice wall cracks and pops to her right as the fissure travels across it. Suddenly, a huge swath of the wall gives way, taking three wildlings with it. They scream amidst the roar.
ORELL: No!
ORELL digs his axe deep into the wall. TORMUND does the same, bracing himself in a wide stance. The wall under YGRITTE and JON gives way and they falls amid an avalanche of ice and snow.
YGRITTE: (screams)
TORMUND prepares for the force of their fall on the rope that tethers them together.
TORMUND: (grunts)
YGRITTE: (screams)
JON: (screams)
ORELL loses his grip on the wall. He dangles, trying to gain purchase with his climbing axe. TORMUND holds on as best he can.
TORMUND: (grunts)
ORELL: We've gotta cut them loose!
TORMUND: No!
ORELL unsheathes his knife and begins to saw at the rope that connects him to YGRITTE and JON. They hang and dangle helplessly far from the wall, swinging back and forth. ORELL continues to cut through the rope. JON finally swings far enough to plant his axe in solid ice. At the same moment, ORELL cuts through the rope and YGRITTE plummets, limbs spinning. Her fall halts when the rope to JON goes taught.
JON: (grunts)
YGRITTE: (screams)
JON: (grunts)
YGRITTE: (screams)
Jon tries to quiet the rope beneath him. YGRITTE hacks her axe into the wall. She climbs up to JON. He reaches out his hand.
JON: Take my hand!
They strain to connect, then clasp hands. JON pulls YGRITTE up to safety. They embrace, panting and exhausted. JON looks up to the sneering ORELL. They all begin to climb again.
EXT: King's Landing garden.
SANSA and LORAS sit by a garden pool.
SANSA: That's a wonderful pin.
LORAS: Oh, it's more of a brooch, really. Though I suppose a brooch is a sort of pin, so
SANSA:  I'm very happy about
LORAS: Uh, yes. I-I am as well.
SANSA: I feel like I'm in a dream.
LORAS: Yes, me, too. Definitely. I've dreamed of a large wedding since I was quite young. The guests, the food, the tournaments. And the bride, of course. The most beautiful bride in the world in a beautiful gown of gold and green brocade with fringed sleeves. Have you ever been to Highgarden, my lady?
SANSA: No. I had never left Winterfell before I came to King's Landing. But it sounds wonderful. I can't wait to see it. And to leave this place.
LORAS: It's terrible, isn't it? The most terrible place there is.
LORAS stands and  takes Sansa's hand to lead her away
CUT TO: Garden overlook.
TYRION and CERSEI watch SANSA and LORAS from afar.
TYRION: I don't suppose there's anything we can do about this.
CERSEI: We can have them both killed.
TYRION: It's hard to say which of the four of us is getting the worst of this arrangement. Probably Sansa. Though Loras will certainly come to know a deep and singular misery.
CERSEI: Father doesn't discriminate. We're all being shipped off to hell together.
They move inside and CERSEI sits.
TYRION: On a boat you built.
CERSEI: The Tyrells were plotting to undermine our family. I did what I did to protect our family.
TYRION: I'm your family. A member of your family who has actively contributed to that family's survival. Whether or not you or Father or anyone else wants to admit it.
CERSEI: I do admit it. If it weren't for your trick with the wildfire, Stannis would have sacked the city before Father got here. Our heads would still be rotting on the city gate.
TYRION: Trying to have me killed is an odd way of saying thank you. There are two people in King's Landing who can give an order to a Kingsguard. Did you or did you not order Ser Mandon to kill me during the Battle of the Blackwater?
Cersei doesn't answer.
TYRION: The impulse I understand. He hates me because I'm the only one who tells him what he really is. So, fair enough. He wants me dead. But his stupidity? He could have had me poisoned and no one would have known. But the king orders a Kingsguard to murder the Hand of the King in full view of his own army. The boy's an idiot.
CERSEI: What do you want me to say?
TYRION: I want you to tell me if my life is still in danger.
CERSEI: Probably. But not from Joffrey. He won't do anything now Father's here.
TYRION: Seven kingdoms united in fear of Tywin Lannister.
CERSEI: Not the Tyrells. Soon they won't need to be afraid of him. Joffrey will belong to Margaery, the little doe-eyed whore. And so will his children and their children. History will be taken from our hands.
TYRION: You may escape, at least. Once Jaime gets back, Ser Loras may come down with a terrible case of sword through bowels.
CERSEI: When Jaime gets back, yes. But when do we think that's going to be? He's out there somewhere.
TYRION: Jaime or not, I'm truly fucked.
CERSEI: Who's going to tell her?
INT: Sansa's chambers.
SHAE helps SANSA with her dress.
SANSA: Do you think people will like it?
SHAE: I don't think they will even notice it.
SANSA: You're right. It's not my wedding. Anyway, from what I can tell, the dressmakers in Highgarden will be far superior to the ones in King's Landing. They'd never make me anything as dull as this for my wedding. Loras likes green and gold brocade.
SHAE: I'm sure he does.
SANSA: Will they let me invite my family?
SHAE: They haven't asked my opinion.
SANSA: But do you think they will?
SHAE: No.
The door opens.
MAID: Lady Sansa, Lord Tyrion to see you. Should I--
TYRION enters, catching SANSA partially dressed.
TYRION: I beg your pardon, my lady.
SHAE helps SANSA to recover her decency.
SANSA: Good afternoon, Lord Tyrion. I was just trying on a gown for King Joffrey's wedding.
TYRION: Yes, it should be quite a wedding. I need to speak with you, Lady Sansa.
SANSA: Of course.
TYRION: Alone, if I may.
SHAE: Why do you need to speak to her alone?
SANSA: Shae. Please excuse her, Lord Tyrion. She's not from here. But I trust her, even though she tells me not to.
TYRION: Sometimes we think we want to hear something and it's only afterwards when it's too late that we realize we wished we'd heard it under entirely different circumstances.
SANSA: It's all right, really.
TYRION closes the door.
INT: The Throne Room
VARYS and LITTLEFINGER look at the Iron Throne.
VARYS: 1000 blades taken from the hands of Aegon's fallen enemies, forged in the fiery breath of Balerion the Dread.
LITTLEFINGER: There aren't There aren't even 200. I've counted.
VARYS: Ha, I'm sure you have. Ugly old thing. Yet it has a certain appeal. The Lysa Arryn of chairs. Shame you had to settle for your second choice.
LITTLEFINGER: Early days, my friend. It is flattering, really you feeling such dread at the prospect of me getting what I want.
VARYS: Thwarting you has never been my primary ambition, I promise you. Although who doesn't like to see their friends fail now and then?
LITTLEFINGER: You're so right. For instance, when I thwarted your plan to give Sansa Stark to the Tyrells. If I'm going to be honest, I did feel an unmistakable sense of enjoyment there. But your confidant, the one who fed you information about my plans, the one you swore to protect, you didn't bring her any enjoyment. And she didn't bring me any enjoyment. She was a bad investment on my part. Luckily, I have a friend who wanted to try something new. Something daring. And he was so grateful to me for providing this fresh experience.
VARYS: I did what I did for the good of the realm.
LITTLEFINGER: The realm? Do you know what the realm is? It's the thousand blades of Aegon's enemies. A story we agree to tell each other over and over till we forget that it's a lie.
VARYS: But what do we have left once we abandon the lie? Chaos. A gaping pit waiting to swallow us all.
LITTLEFINGER: Chaos isn't a pit. Chaos is a ladder.
CUT TO: Joffrey's chambers
Joffrey sits pensively with his crossbow. He stands and walks out, past the bloodied corpse of Ros. Her hands are tied above her head, and she is pierced by multiple crossbow bolts.
LITTLEFINGER: (voice over) Many who try to climb it fail and never get to try again. The fall breaks them.
CUT TO: King's Landing Garden
Sansa and Shae watch a boat sail away from King's Landing. Sansa weeps hopelessly. Shae is sad, but resolute.
LITTLEFINGER: (voice over) And some are given a chance to climb, but they refuse. They cling to the realm or the gods or love. Illusions. Only the ladder is real. The climb is all there is.
EXT: The top of the Wall
YGRITTE pulls herself over the lip of the wall, exhausted. TORMUND and ORELL have already crested. TORMUND pulls up more supplies while ORELL looks through their provisions. YGRITTE doesn't have the strength to stand. JON pulls himself up as well, and collapses beside her. Above them, the sun breaks through the clouds. YGRITTE and JON prop themselves up and look across the northlands. It is beautiful. JON stands and helps YGRITTE up. The sun lights up the wall. JON leads YGRITTE to look at the southern side of the wall. The land is green and lush. They embrace and kiss.
EXT: The North
Just south of the wall, the wildlings march across the green expanse of the North.
YGRITTE: How far are we?
JON:  About a week, I think.
YGRITTE: You think? You don't know?
JON:  When we went to Castle Black, we took the kingsroad.
JON and YGRITTE sit. She adjusts her boots.
YGRITTE: You and your roads. Is that how you lot do your fighting?  You march down the road banging drums and waving banners?
JON:  Most of the time, yes.
YGRITTE: How do the men holding the banners fight?
JON:  They don't, really. It's a great honor to carry your house sigil.
JON:  Usually it's the young boys banging the drums.
YGRITTE: So what good are they?
JON: They help the men march.
YGRITTE: How?
YGRITTE stands up and play-acts a silly march.
YGRITTE: Oh, you mean right foot, left foot, right foot, left foot, right foot? You need help remembering that? When Mance gives the signal and we hit Castle Black, we won't be banging on drums to let them know we're coming.
JON: No. No, you're just gonna light the biggest fire the North has ever seen to let them know you're coming.
YGRITTE: You know nothing, Jon Snow.
YGRITTE leaves and ORELL catches up with JON.
ORELL: She's right, you don't.
JON: I know you cut me loose on the Wall.
ORELL: Cut her loose, too. Do you see her sulking about it? That's because she understands the way things are.
JON: And are you gonna share it with me? The deep wisdom you found inside the head of a bird?
ORELL:  People work together when it suits them. They're loyal when it suits them. They love each other when it suits them. And they kill each other when it suits them. She knows that, you don't. Which is why you'll never hold onto her.
ORELL continues on. JON follows behind.
INT: Riverrun, ROBB's chambers at night
A thunderstorm roils outside of Riverrun. TALISA dries ROBB's hair with a towel. CATELYN and EDMURE sit at the map table. BRYNDEN enters.
BRYNDEN: That rain will cost us another day.
ROBB: Frey will wait. He knows we're coming.
CATELYN: Lord Walder is prickly by nature.
BRYNDEN: Prickly?  That what you call it? Might be the least pleasant man I've ever met.
CATELYN: Yes, and that is why--
BRYNDEN: I've seen wet shits I liked better than Walder Frey. Apologies, Your Grace. Spent too many years around lancers and pikemen.
TALISA: I've spent the last two years nursing wounded men, watching them bleed and die. I'm not afraid of wet shits.
BRYNDEN: (laughs)
CATELYN: Lord Frey will take this delay as a slight.
EDMURE: He can take it as he likes. He's getting the wedding he wanted.
CATELYN:  He's getting a wedding. It was a king he wanted.
ROBB: Edmure is the best match a Frey has had in the history of their house. We should all get some sleep.
BRYNDEN, CATELYN and EDMURE leave. ROBB and TALISA kiss. CATELYN turns back to watch before she exits.
CUT TO: ROBB and TALISA's room, later
TALISSA and ROBB are wrapped around one another, panting, glowing with sweat, and kissing intimately. They smile. ROBB stands and dons a robe. TALISA watches him, amorously.
ROBB: If you don't put some clothes on, I can't promise I won't attack you again.
TALISA: Attack. Attack.
ROBB sits at the war table. TALISA pulls a writing board onto the bed.
ROBB: Who are you writing?
TALISA:  My mother.
ROBB: Is that Valyrian?
TALISA: Gaaa.
ROBB: Gaaa? (sighs) Say hello for me.
TALISA: Rytsas.
ROBB: 'Ritsas.'
TALISA: That was close enough.
ROBB: Does she know her daughter's a queen?
TALISA:  Not yet.
ROBB: That will be a surprise, I expect.
TALISA: Many surprises for her.
ROBB: How am I supposed to sit here planning a war when you're over there looking like that?
TALISA:  Will you come with me one day to Volantis?  When all this is over?
ROBB:  I will.
TALISA: I promise. I know she'd love to meet you. And her grandchild.
ROBB: What, now?  Are you certain?
ROBB stands.
TALISA:  Are you angry with me?
ROBB caresses her face. She grabs hold.
ROBB:  Angry? You're my queen.
TALISA: And I have your little prince or princess inside me.
ROBB: Maybe one of each.
TALISA: Don't get greedy.
TALISA kisses ROBB's hand.
TALISA: Can you leave the war for one night?
ROBB:  I love you. Do you hear me?  I love you.
Robb and Talisa kiss and fall into bed.
CUT TO: Riverrun encampment
Rain pours down as ROBB's men busy themselves with the chores of the night.
EXT: The North, day
The wildlings rest in the woods from their long march.
TORMUND: Most men fuck like dogs.
TORMUND demonstrates for JON with pelvic thrusts into his pack. YGRITTE sits nearby, disapproving.
TORMUND: No grace, no skill. A few dozen thrusts and done. You need to be patient. Give her time. Your cock shouldn't go near her till she's slick as a baby seal. And then you go inside, but slowly. Don't jam it in like you're spearing a pig. (laughts) Come on! Hey, come on.
Tormund gives Jon a playful jab and walks off. JON gets up and follows, along with YGRITTE and ORELL.
CUT TO: The woods, a bit later.
The wildings march.
ORELL: You think he loves you, is that it? What did he tell you? He's gonna make you his lady and live with you in some castle?
YGRITTE:  No, he didn't tell me anything. He barely talks.
ORELL: I've seen you two whispering in the night, giggling like a pair of girls.
YGRITTE: What, you're jealous?
ORELL:  Of course I'm jealous. You should be with one of your own.
YGRITTE: And you're one of my own? I've never heard a kind word from your mouth.
ORELL stops her.
ORELL: You would if you were mine. I'd tell you that you're beautiful and fierce and wild. I'd be good to you. You love him?
YGRITTE: (nods)
ORELL:  'Cause he's pretty?  Is that it? You like his pretty hair and his pretty eyes? You think pretty is gonna make you happy?
YGRITTE tries to walk, but ORELL stops her.
YGRITTE:  Don't touch me.
ORELL: You won't love him so much when you find out what he really is.
ORELL walks away, and YGRITTE takes measure of him.
EXT: King's Landing garden
MARGAERY: Come on. Come walk with me.
Margaery and Sansa stand and walk
MARGAERY: I remember the first time I saw you in the throne room. I'd never seen anyone who looked so unhappy. I want very much for you to be happy, Sansa, and so does my grandmother.
MARGAERY picks a rose.
MARGAERY: You would have been happy at Highgarden. But women in our position must make the best of our circumstances.
SANSA: How do I make the best of my circumstances? I have to marry him.
MARGAERY hands the rose to SANSA.
MARGAERY: Has Lord Tyrion mistreated you?
SANSA: No.
They walk.
MARGAERY: Has he been kind to you?
SANSA:  He's tried.
MARGAERY: You don't want him, though.
SANSA: He's a Lannister.
MARGAERY: Far from the worst Lannister, wouldn't you say?
SANSA:  I'm sorry. Here I am complaining to you.
MARGAERY: My son will be king Sons learn from their mothers. I plan to teach mine a great deal. And your son, if I'm not mistaken, your son might be the Lord of Casterly Rock and the North someday. What?
MARGAERY: If it's the pain you're worried about--
SANSA: I'm not afraid of the pain. Not after what Joffrey's done to me.
MARGAERY: What is it, then? He's rather good-looking even with the scar. Especially with the scar.
MARGAERY: Some women like tall men. Some like short men. Some like hairy men. Some like bald men. Gentle men, rough men, ugly men, pretty men, pretty girls. Most women don't know what they like until they've tried it. And, sadly, so many of us get to try so little before we're old and gray. Tyrion may surprise you. From what I've heard, he's quite experienced.
SANSA: And that's a good thing?
MARGAERY:  It can be. We're very complicated, you know. Pleasing us takes practice.
SANSA: How do you know all this? Did your mother teach you?
MARGAERY takes SANSA's arm.
MARGAERY:  Yes, sweet girl. My mother taught me.
INT: King's Landing, TYRION's chambers
TYRION and BRONN sit, drinking wine.
TYRION: She's a child.
BRONN: She's a foot taller than you.
TYRION: A tall child.
BRONN: What's the youngest you've ever had?
TYRION:  Not that young.
BRONN: How much older?
TYRION:  Older.
BRONN: You're a lord, she's a lady. And a beauty at that. I don't see the problem.
TYRION: Shae isn't going to like it.
BRONN: Shae is a whore. Are you gonna marry her? Eh? How did marrying a whore work out for you the first time?
TYRION:  I should never have told you about that.
BRONN: You want Shae, keep her. Wed one and bed the other. All you have to do is get a son in the Stark girl. He'll be Lord of Winterfell one day. You can rule the North in his name. You'll have two women and a whole kingdom of your own.
TYRION: Two women to despise me and a whole kingdom to join them.
BRONN pours more wine for them both.
BRONN: You waste time trying to get people to love you, you'll end up the most popular dead man in town. (chuckles) You want to fuck that Stark girl. You just don't want to admit it.
TYRION: I don't pay you to put evil notions in my head. The ones already there don't need company.
BRONN: You pay me to kill people who bother you. Evil notions come free.
BRONN stands and grabs another pitcher of wine.
INT: King's Landing Throne Room
TYWIN enters the vast throne room. JOFFREY sits on the Iron Throne.
TYWIN: Your Grace.
JOFFREY: Grandfather.
TYWIN: You wanted to speak to me?
JOFFREY:  Yes. I'd like a report on the meetings of my small council.
TYWIN: You're welcome to attend the meetings of your small council, Your Grace. Any or all of them.
JOFFREY: I've been very busy. Many important matters require a king's attention.
TYWIN: Of course.
JOFFREY: You've been holding the council meetings in the Tower of the Hand instead of the small council chamber.
TYWIN: I have, yes.
JOFFREY: May I ask why?
TYWIN:  The Tower of the Hand is where I work. To walk from there to here would take time, time I could otherwise spend productively.
JOFFREY: So if I wanted to attend a council meeting, I would now have to climb all the stairs in the Tower of the Hand?
TYWIN approaches and stands over JOFFREY.
TYWIN:  We could arrange to have you carried.
JOFFREY: Tell me about the Targaryen girl in the east and her dragons.
TYWIN: Where did you hear about this?
JOFFREY: Is it true?
TYWIN: Apparently so.
JOFFREY: Don't you think we ought to do something about it?
TYWIN:  When I was Hand of the King under your father's predecessor, the skulls of all the Targaryen dragons were kept in this room. The skull of the last of them was right here. It was the size of an apple.
JOFFREY: And the biggest was the size of a carriage.
TYWIN: Yes, and the creature to whom it belonged died 300 years ago. Curiosities on the far side of the world are no threat to us.
JOFFREY: But how do we know these dragons are just curiosities and not the beasts that brought the whole world to heel?
TYWIN:  Because we have been told as much by the many experts who serve the realm by counseling the king on matters about which he knows nothing.
JOFFREY: But I haven't been counseled.
TYWIN: You are being counseled at this very moment.
JOFFREY: I should be consulted about such things.
TYWIN: From now on, I will see to it that you are appropriately consulted on important matters whenever necessary. Your Grace.
TYWIN bows and walks away. JOFFREY ponders.
EXT: Essos, outside Yunkai
DAENERYS, JORAH, BARRISTAN and GREY WORM walk across the rocky and arid landscape. An impressive cities lies in the distance among the mountains.
JORAH: Yunkai. The Yellow City.
BARRISTAN: The Yunkish train bed slaves, not soldiers. We can defeat them.
JORAH: On the field, with ease. But they won't meet us on the field. They have provisions, patience, and strong walls. If they're wise, they'll hide behind those walls and chip away at us, man by man.
DAENERYS: I don't want half my army killed before I've crossed the Narrow Sea.
JORAH: We don't need Yunkai, khaleesi. Taking this city will not bring you any closer to Westeros or the Iron Throne.
DAENERYS: How many slaves are there in Yunkai?
JORAH:  200,000 if not more.
DAENERYS: Then we have 200,000 reasons to take the city.
DAENERYS: (speaks Valyrian) Send a man to the city gates. Tell the slavers I will receive them here, and accept their surrender. Otherwise, Yunkai will suffer the same fate as Astapor.  GREY WORM: (nods)
GREY WORM turns and exits.
CUT TO: The road to Yunkai.
The Unsullied come to attention. Led by a drummer and flanked by guards, a brightly colored palaquin carrying RADZAL MO ERAZ passes through. He surveys the Unsullied who speckle the rough landscape. The chains of the slaves who bear his load rattle as they walk. More slaves bear  ornate chests as they walk. They reach the camp where DAENERYS waits to receive them, with BARRISTAN, JORAH and her dragons at her side. The slaves lower the palaquin. RADZAL MO ERAZ steps out and is greeted by MISSANDEI.
MISSANDEI: Now comes the noble Razdal mo Eraz of that ancient and honorable house, master of men and speaker to savages, to offer terms of peace.
The dragons screech in warning as Razdal mo Eraz approaches nervously.
MISSANDEI: Noble lord, you are in the presence of Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains, and Mother of Dragons.
DAENERYS: You may approach. Sit.
A Dothraki woman presents a chair for RADZAL MO ERAZ, and he sits.
MISSANDEI: Will the noble lord take refreshment?
RADZAL MO ERAZ: (nods)
MISSANDEI pours him some wine. RADZAL MO ERAZ drinks, never taking his eyes from DAENERYS.
RADZAL MO ERAZ:  Ancient and glorious is Yunkai. Our empire was old before dragons stirred in old Valyria. Many an army has broken against our walls. You shall find no easy conquest here, khaleesi.
DAENERYS tosses a raw steak in the air. The three dragons launch after it, screeching as they jockey and circle in flight.  RADZAL MO ERAZ recoils in trepidation.
DAENERYS: Good. My Unsullied need practice. I was told to blood them early.
RADZAL MO ERAZ: If blood is your desire, blood shall flow. But why? 'Tis true you have committed savageries in Astapor. But the Yunkai are a forgiving and generous people.
He claps twice to signal his slaves. They bring forth the two chests.
RADZAL MO ERAZ: The wise masters of Yunkai have sent a gift for the silver queen.
The slaves place the chests before DAENERYS and open their lids. The chests are filled with gold ingots. The slaves retreat and bow deeply before her in reverence.
RADZAL MO ERAZ: There is far more than this awaiting you on the deck of your ship.
DAENERYS: My ship?
RADZAL MO ERAZ: Yes, khaleesi. As I said, we are a generous people. You shall have as many ships as you require.
DAENERYS: And what do you ask in return?
RADZAL MO ERAZ:  All we ask is that you make use of these ships. Sail them back to Westeros where you belong and leave us to conduct our affairs in peace.
DAENERYS: I have a gift for you as well. Your life.
RADZAL MO ERAZ: My life?
DAENERYS:  And the lives of your wise masters. But I also want something in return. You will release every slave in Yunkai. Every man, woman, and child shall be given as much food, clothing, and property as they can carry as payment for their years of servitude. Reject this gift, and I shall show you no mercy.
RADZAL MO ERAZ: You are mad. We are not Astapor or Qarth. We are Yunkai and we have powerful friends. Friends who would take great pleasure in destroying you. Those who survive, we shall enslave once more. Perhaps we'll make a slave of you as well.
RADZAL MO ERAZ stands quickly. Drogon screeches angrily from his perch in warning.
RADZAL MO ERAZ: You swore me safe conduct.
DAENERYS: I did, but my dragons made no promises. And you threatened their mother.
RADZAL MO ERAZ: Take the gold.
The slaves rise and cautiously approach the open chests. The dragons refuse their approach with aggressive screeching. The slaves retreat in fear.
DAENERYS: My gold. You gave it to me, remember? And I shall put it to good use. You'd be wise to do the same with my gift to you. Now get out.
RADZAL MO ERAZ: (speaks Valerian)
RADZAL MO ERAZ turns and stomps off.
BARRISTAN: The Yunkish are a proud people. They will not bend.
DAENERYS: And what happens to things that don't bend? He said he had powerful friends. Who was he talking about?
JORAH:  I don't know.
DAENERYS: Find out.
JORAH nods and exits. Drogon hops next to DAENERYS and she strokes the dragon. He purrs.
INT: King's Landing, TYRION's chambers, night.
SHAE fondles a woven gold necklace in a beautiful inlaid wooden box.
SHAE: Chains?
TYRION:  Solid gold from the mines outside Lannisport. Smithed in Casterly Rock.
SHAE: Golden chains.
TYRION: You could buy a ship with these.
SHAE: Do I need a ship?
TYRION: What?
SHAE: Am I going somewhere?
TYRION: Of course you're not going anywhere.
SHAE: So, am I invited to your wedding?
TYRION:  I didn't ask for this marriage. I didn't want it.
SHAE: No?  She's a beautiful girl. You said so yourself.
TYRION: That doesn't mean that--this is duty, not desire.
SHAE: Is that what you will tell yourself when you fuck her?
TYRION:  I don't have a choice. My father--
SHAE: Does not rule the world. We can still go across the Narrow Sea.
TYRION: What would I do there? Juggle? I am a Lannister of Casterly Rock.
SHAE: And I'm Shae the funny whore.
TYRION: My feelings for you have not changed. I will marry Sansa Stark and do my duty by her.
SHAE: While I empty her chamber pot and lick your cock when you're bored?
TYRION:  I swear to you it will not be like that.
SHAE: No? What will it be like?
TYRION:  I will buy you a good home somewhere in the city. You will have fine clothes, guards to keep you safe, servants. Any children we might have will be well provided for.
SHAE: Children? You think I want children who can never see their father? Who would be killed in their sleep if their grandfather found out about them?
TYRION moves closer to SHAE and takes her hand.
TYRION:  Listen. Listen to me, my lady.
SHAE: I'm not your lady.
TYRION: You are. You'll always be my lady.
SHAE: I'm your whore. And when you are tired of fucking me, I will be nothing.
SHAE pushes away TYRION's hand and exits.
EXT: Blackwater Bay, the seas by King's Landing
A two masted ship sails amongst wreckage of sunken ships. MELISANDRE and GENDRY walk its deck.
GENDRY: What happened?
MELISANDRE: Wildfire. I should have been here.
GENDRY: After all the running and fighting, here I am, back where I started.
MELISANDRE: Do you miss it?
GENDRY: King's Landing?
MELISANDRE: Your father's house.
GENDRY: Never had a father. Never wanted one.
MELISANDRE: Haven't you ever wondered where your strength came from? Your talent for fighting?
GENDRY:  I'm lowborn. As low as can be. My mother was a tavern wench.
MELISANDRE: Mine was a slave. So was I. Bought and sold, scourged and branded, until the Lord of Light reached down, took me in his hand and raised me up.
GENDRY: I was born in Flea Bottom.
MELISANDRE: Your blood is noble.
GENDRY: Are you saying my father, he was some lord or
MELISANDRE: There. Your father's house.
GENDRY: I'm just a bastard.
MELISANDRE: The bastard of Robert of the House Baratheon, First of His Name, King of the Andals and the First Men. Why do you think the gold cloaks wanted you? There is power in a king's blood.
INT: Riverlands, The Brotherhood's Caverns
BERIC: Come sit by the fire, child.
ARYA doesn't answer. She sits curled on a rock.
THOROS: Not talking, eh? That's a first.
ARYA: I don't talk to traitors.
BERIC: I didn't like giving up the boy.
ARYA: But you did. You took the gold and you gave him up.
BERIC: The Red God is the one true god. You've seen his power. When he commands, we obey.
ARYA: He's not my one true god.
BERIC: No? Who's yours?
ARYA:  Death.
Men chatter and cough as they enter the cavern, led by ANGUY.
ANGUY: Spotted a Lannister raiding party.
BERIC: How many?
ANGUY: No more than 20.
BERIC: How far?
ANGUY: Less than a day's ride south.
BERIC: (nods)
THOROS: What do you say, boys? Time for a lion hunt?
MEN: Yeah!
ARYA: But what about Riverrun? It's not south. It's west of here.
THOROS: It will still be west of here two days from now.
ARYA: You swore.
BERIC: To take you home, and I will. But we need to do this first.
ARYA: Why? So you can steal their gold?
BERIC:  I swear to you, this isn't--
ARYA: I don't care what you swear because you're a liar. You lied to Gendry, you lied to me. You'll lie to anyone. I hope the Lannisters kill you all.
BERIC: One day you'll understand, but now--
ARYA runs off.
BERIC: Anguy, bring her back.
MAN: Come back, girl!
CUT TO: The woods outside the cavern, night.
Arya runs through the woods. She crosses a stream and keeps running. She crouches in the woods, looking back at the Brotherhood's torches. She takes flight again, and is grabbed by the HOUND.
HOUND: Kick all you like, wolf girl. Won't do you no good.
He carries her off into the darkness.
INT: Harrenhall, night
BRIENNE sits in a shaft of moonlight. The door opens, and JAIME enters.
BRIENNE: I thought you were gone.
JAIME: Tomorrow.
BRIENNE: Have they told you what they plan to do with me?
JAIME:  Lord Bolton's traveling tomorrow as well. He's going to the Twins for Edmure Tully's wedding. You're to remain here.
BRIENNE: With Locke?
JAIME:  I owe you a debt.
BRIENNE: When Catelyn Stark released you, we both made a promise to her. Now it's your promise. You gave your word. Keep it and consider the debt paid.
JAIME: (nods) I will return the Stark girls to their mother. I swear it.
BRIENNE: Good-bye, Ser Jaime.
JAIME exits.
EXT: Harrenhall courtyard, day.
The courtyard is busy as the men ready to depart. JAIME struggles to saddle his horse one handed.
QYBURN: Here. Let me.
QYBURN  buckles the saddle for JAIME
QYBURN: It will take time.
JAIME: (nods)
QYBURN exits and ROOSE BOLTON approaches.  Roose BOLTON: Qyburn hopes your father will force the Citadel to give him back his chain.
JAIME mounts his horse.
JAIME: My father will make him Grand Maester if he grows me a new hand.  Roose BOLTON: You will give my regards to Lord Tywin, I trust?
JAIME: (nods)  Tell Robb Stark I'm sorry I couldn't make his uncle's wedding. The Lannisters send their regards.
JAIME and QYBURN ride away. Theypasses LOCKE.
LOCKE: Safe journey, Kingslayer. Nothing to say? I liked you better before. I don't remember chopping your balls off, too. And don't you worry about your friend. We'll take good care of her.
INT: Dungeon, somewhere
MYRANDA and VIOLET remove THEON's restraints and help him down from the cross.
MYRANDA: Shh.
THEON: (groans)
MYRANDA removes THEON's hood. VIOLET holds a cup of water to his lips, and helps him drink. He grabs the cup desperately and spills its contents in his mouth.
VIOLET: Gentle, my lord. Gentle.
VIOLET strokes and soothes THEON's forehead. MYRANDA kneels next to him and applies a salve to his forehead. THEON squirms.
THEON: (coughs)
VIOLET: Shh shh shh. Myranda knows what she's doing. Let her. She trained as a septa, only (giggles) she had other urges.
MYRANDA: So did the septons, only they lied about it.
VIOLET and MYRANDA fondle THEON's bare chest. THEON is suspicious.
THEON: Where is he?
VIOLET:  Who, my lord?
MYRANDA:  There's no one here but you, me, and Violet.
VIOLET and MYRANDA continue to caress THEON. VIOLET slides her hands under THEON's trousers. He grabs her hand to stop her.
THEON: Please.
VIOLET: Don't you want us to see it?
MYRANDA:  Oh, come on. Let us see it. Everybody talks about it.
THEON: He sent you.
MYRANDA: Who sent us?
VIOLET:  We sent ourselves, Lord Greyjoy.
MYRANDA: We heard so much about it. (giggles)
THEON: Please.
VIOLET: Oh! There it is.
She is disapointed that THEON is flaccid.
VIOLET: Oh. Do you think we're ugly?  He thinks we're ugly.
MYRANDA: Well, he's been through so much. Look at his poor face.
THEON: Help me. If he comes back
VIOLET: We need to make him feel better.
MYRANDA: And how can we make him feel better?
VIOLET:  I have an idea.
VIOLET stands and comes to MYRANDA. She pulls away the lacing of MYRANDA's dress until it peels away. She helps the dress to the ground. THEON is excited but disbelieving.
VIOLET: Oh, she's shy. You know how they are, these religious girls.
MYRANDA: Maybe he doesn't know how we are.
MYRANDA straddles THEON and undulates on top of him. VIOLET kisses his forhead.
MYRANDA: Oh. I felt something. Oh, Lord Greyjoy.
VIOLET: As good as they say?
MYRANDA: Mmm.
MYRANDA's breath quickens as she rubs across the length of him. THEON holds onto her, joining into her rhythm
VIOLET: And why should you get all the fun?
VIOLET shrugs off her own gown. THEON is entranced. MYRANDA grabs his face and pulls his attention back to her.
MYRANDA:  What? You like her better?
MYRANDA kisses THEON. VIOLET kneels beside them and grabs hold of THEON.
VIOLET:  Plenty there for both of us.
MYRANDA: I was here first.
THEON: (moaning)
RAMSAY's horn blares from across the room, startling THEON. VIOLET and MYRANDA retreat and RAMSAY walks out of the shadows.
RAMSAY: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Terrible timing.
THEON: (cries)
RAMSAY: But I was getting jealous.
Ramsay stands in front of the naked VIOLET and MYRANDA, who sway innocently behind him.
RAMSAY: Well? Should we see this cock everyone's always going on about?
THEON leaps up in a clumsy attempt to flee. RAMSAY backhands him, and THEON falls to the ground, helpless and weak. RAMSAY tosses away the horn and wraps his arms around the naked women as they flank him.
RAMSAY:  Everyone knows you love girls. I bet you always thought they loved you back.
RAMSAY cups their naked asses. He steps forward and draws a knife. THEON struggles to crawl away, but his arms and legs are useless from his days bound to the cross.
RAMSAY: Your famous cock must be very precious to you. Would you say it's your most precious part?
RAMSAY whistles and two guards come forth.
THEON:  Please. No. No! Mercy, please! Please, mercy! Mercy!
RAMSAY: This is mercy. I'm not killing you. Just making a few alterations.
The guards hold THEON down while RAMSAY sets to him with the knife.
THEON: No! No! No! Please, no! No! No! No, please! Please!
EXT: The Northern woods.
YIGRITTE and JON crouch behind a rock. She has her bow at the ready, hunting a nearby deer.
JON: You're gonna scare it off.
YGRITTE: I'm not gonna scare it. I'm gonna kill it.
JON: It's too far away.
YGRITTE: (smiles)
YGRITTE draws her bow.
CUT TO: The  northern woods, later.
The wildling party is on the march. Two of them carry the deer that YGRITTE killed. In the near distance, YGRITTE spies a decrepit windmill.
YGRITTE: Is that a palace?
JON:  It's a windmill.
YGRITTE: Windmill. Who built it?  Some king?
JON:  Just the men who used to live here.
YGRITTE: They must have been great builders, stacking stones so high.
JON: Winterfell has towers three times that size.
YGRITTE: 'I'm Jon Snow and I'm from Winterfell. My daddy was a fancy lord and I lived in a tower that touched the clouds.'
JON: If you're impressed by a windmill, you'd be swooning if you saw the Great Keep at Winterfell.
YGRITTE: What's swooning?
JON:  Fainting.
YGRITTE: What's fainting?
JON:  When a girl sees blood and collapses.
YGRITTE: Why would a girl see blood and collapse?
JON:  Well not all girls are like you.
YGRITTE: Well, girls see more blood than boys. Or do you like girls who swoon, Jon Snow? (gasps) Oh, a spider! Save me, Jon Snow.
She falls backwards into his arms, smiling.
YGRITTE: My dress is made of the purest silk from Tralalalaleeday.
JON: I'd like to see you in a silk dress.
She punches him playfully.
YGRITTE: Would you?
He grabs her.
JON:  So I could tear it off you.
YGRITTE: Well, you rip my pretty silk dress, I'll blacken your eye.
JON: Maybe one day I'll take you to Winterfell.
YGRITTE: Or maybe one day I'll take you there. After we've taken our land back.
JON: Ygritte. You won't win. I know your people are brave, no one denies that.
YGRITTE: You know nothing--
JON: Six times in the last thousand years, a King has attacked the kingdoms. Six times they failed.
YGRITTE: And how do you know that?
JON:  Every boy in the North knows it. We grow up learning it. Where the battles were fought, the names of the heroes, who died where. Six times you've invaded and six times you've failed. The seventh will be the same.
YGRITTE: Mance is different.
JON: You don't have the discipline. You don't have the training. Your army is no army. You don't know how to fight together.
YGRITTE: You don't know that.
JON: I do. I know it. If you attack the Wall, you'll die. All of you.
YGRITTE: All of us.
Ygritte kissed Jon, hungrily.
YGRITTE: You're mine as I'm yours. And if we die, we die. But first we'll live.
JON: Yes, first we'll live.
They kiss again.
EXT: The North, BRAN's camp.
MEERA walks into camp, carrying the rabbit she has caught. OSHA and HODOR sets up the tent while RICKON sleeps next to them. BRAN and JOJEN sit talking nearby.
OSHA: What's he going on about? And how come he always gets to sit and chat while we do all the work?
HODOR:  Hodor.
JOJEN: That's where we are.
OSHA walks over to confront JOJEN.
OSHA: What are you telling him?
BRAN: It's all right, Osha.
OSHA: It's not all right. You think I can't hear you every day?  Filling his head with black magic. Talking about visions and three-eyed ravens and worse.
MEERA: Leave him alone.
OSHA: He can speak for himself.
JOJEN: I don't fill his head with anything.
OSHA: So what do you talk about?
JOJEN:  What's happening to him and what that means.
OSHA: Go on, then. Tell us what it means.
JOJEN: It's not like that. I wish I could tell him all the answers. It would be much easier.
OSHA: I don't want you talking to him anymore. Until we get to your brother at Castle Black.
OSHA starts to walk away.
JOJEN: We're not going to Castle Black.
OSHA: What did you say?
JOJEN:  I told you already. Jon Snow isn't there. Bran needs to find the raven beyond the Wall.
OSHA: Oh, no. I'm not going back there. Your brother is at Castle Black. That's where we're going. Look at me.
OSHA kneels next to BRAN.
BRAN: The raven's been coming to me ever since I fell from that tower. He wants me to find him. I don't have my legs anymore. This is what I have now.
OSHA: You have a family. You need to go back to Castle Black so you can get back to them where you belong.
BRAN: What if I belong in the North? What if I fell from that tower for a reason?
OSHA:  Is that what he's telling you? That it's all for a reason? All these bad things happened because the gods got big plans for you? I wish it were true, little lord. But the gods wouldn't spare a raven's cold shit for you or me or anyone.
BRAN: You don't understand. You don't know.
OSHA stands, agitated.
OSHA: You don't know. None of you know. None of you have been up there. I had a man once. A good man. Bruni, his name was. I was his and he was mine. But one night Bruni disappears. People said he left me, but I knew him. He'd never leave me. Not for long.
OSHA sits.
OSHA: I knew he'd come back. And he did. He came in through the back of the hut. Only it wasn't Bruni. Not really. His skin was pale like a dead man's. His eyes bluer than clear sky. He came at me, grabbed me by the neck and squeezed so hard I could feel the life slipping out of me. I don't know how I got the knife. When I did, I stuck it deep into his heart. And he hardly seemed to notice. I had to burn our hut down with him inside. I didn't ask the gods what it meant. I didn't need to. I already knew. It meant the North was no place for men to be. Not anymore. I promised your maester I'd get you to Castle Black and no further.
OSHA rises and walks off.
EXT: Riverlands open field.
QYBURN tends to the stump of JAIME's right arm. His wrist is sewn roughly.
QYBURN: How is the pain, my lord?
JAIME:  What's the purpose of an arm with no hand?
QYBURN:  Well, we've stymied the corruption.
JAIME: Yes, we've stymied the corruption. You're a learned man.
QYBURN: All the good it's done me.
QYBURN places a salve onto JAIME's healing wound.
JAIME: You did well sewing up this mess. You're far better at this sort of work than Grand Maester Pycelle.
QYBURN: Faint praise, my lord.
JAIME: So why did the Citadel take your chain? Did you fondle one boy too many?
QYBURN dresses JAIME's wound once more.
QYBURN:  No, my lord. That's not my weakness.
JAIME: What is?
QYBURN:  Curiosity. The only way to treat disease is to understand disease. And the only way to understand it is to study the afflicted.
JAIME: You performed experiments on living men.
QYBURN: On dying men.
JAIME: With their permission?
QYBURN:  My studies have given me insight that has saved many lives.
JAIME: Dying paupers, I assume. Men with no families to complain. You found them moaning in the poorhouse and had them carted back to your garret and opened up their bellies to see what was inside.
QYBURN: How many men have you killed, my lord?
JAIME:  I don't know.
QYBURN: 50? 100?
JAIME: (shakes his head)
QYBURN: Countless.
JAIME: Countless has a nice ring to it.
QYBURN: And how many lives have you saved?
QYBURN:  A bird flew off and a bird flew back.  Lord Selwyn Tarth offered 300 gold dragons for his daughter's safe return.
JAIME: A fair offer.
JAIME stands. QYBURN packs up his medicines.
QYBURN: A fair offer. Locke won't take it.
JAIME: Why not?
QYBURN:  He's convinced Lord Tarth owns all the sapphire mines in Westeros.
JAIME: (sighs)
QYBURN: He feels he's being cheated.
JAIME: They'd be fools to kill her.
QYBURN: These men have been at war a long time. Most of them will be dead by winter. She'll be their entertainment tonight. Beyond tonight, I don't think they care very much.
JAIME ponders, and then approaches STEELSHANKS WALTON, who drinks from a wine skin nearby
JAIME: We have to return to Harrenhal.
STEELSHANKS WALTON: Why?
JAIME:  I've left something behind.
STEELSHANKS WALTON: Absolutely not. I've got orders from Lord Bolton.
JAIME: And what are those orders?
STEELSHANKS WALTON:  To deliver you to your father at King's Landing.
JAIME: You think you'll get a reward.
STEELSHANKS WALTON stands.
STEELSHANKS WALTON: I serve Lord Bolton. Any appreciation your father--
JAIME: You think you're getting a reward. Let me explain something to you. When my father sees me, the first thing he's going to ask is what happened to my hand. And I'm going to tell him this man chopped it off.
STEELSHANKS WALTON: I had nothing--
JAIME: Or I could tell him this man saved my life. We return to Harrenhal now.
CUT TO: Horses galloping back to Harrenhall.
EXT: The ruins of Harrenhall.
JAIME and the en ride into the old courtyard. The castle is a ruin around them.
JAIME: Whoa.
STEELSHANKS WALTON: Eyes open, lads.
JAIME searches with eyes and ears.
JAIME: Be quiet.
JAIME hears singing in the distance. He dismounts and runs towards the sounds of the crowd. STEELSHANKS WALTON and his men follow.
MEN: (singing) The bear, the bear and the maiden fair / From there to here, from here to there All black and brown and covered in hair He smelled that girl in the summer air The bear, the bear, and the maiden fair!
Jaime climbs some wooden steps to join the crowd on a viewing platform. The crowd yells and cheers. In a wooden arena, Brienne stands desperate and defensive, brandishing a wooden sword. Her dress is torn and covered in  mud. Blood oozes from gashes on her neck and shoulder. An enormous brown bear lumbers and stalks her.  The bear roars.
MAN: Don't spare her.  Don't spare her!
LOCKE: Well, this is one shameful fucking performance. Stop running and fight.
JAIME: A wooden sword?
LOCKE notices that JAIME is in the crowd.
LOCKE: I thought you'd gone.
JAIME pushes his way towards LOCKE.
JAIME: You gave her a wooden sword.
LOCKE: We've only got one bear.
JAIME: I'll pay her bloody ransom. Gold, sapphires, whatever you want. Just get her out of there.
LOCKE: All you lords and ladies still think that the only thing that matters is gold.
LOCKE shoves JAIME.
LOCKE: This makes me happier than all your gold ever could. And that makes me happier than all her sapphires. So go buy yourself a golden hand and fuck yourself with it.
The bear rears up before BRIENNE. She tries to hold him off with her wooden sword, but the bear's reach is too long. He takes a powerful swipe and disarms her. BRIENNE staggers backwards. The bear pounces and knocks her to the ground.
BRIENNE: Ah!
JAIME jumps into the wooden arena, arms flailing. He lands behind her, and startles the bear.
JAIME: Get behind me.
BRIENNE: I will not.
He helps BRIENNE up as the bear regroups. JAIME puts himself in front of BRIENNE. The bear regroups, swipes the ground and advances on them. Suddenly, a crossbow bolt pierces the bear's side. He turns his head towards the pain in its shoulder.
LOCKE: What the fuck are you doing to my bear?
STEELSHANKS WALTON:  Lord Bolton charged me with bringing him back to King's Landing alive and that's what I aim to do.
The bear shakes its head back and forth, confused by the pain. JAIME runs to the arena wall and crouches by the wall.
JAIME: Pull her up.
BRIENNE clambers onto JAIME's back. A man in the crowd grabs her outstretched hand. Two men pull her to safety. The bear roars.
BRIENNE: Hold my legs.
BRIENNE lies over the side of the platform and reaches down. The bear  charges at JAIME. STEELSHANKS WALTON fires a bolt that lands wide. JAIME jumps and grabs hold of a beam that juts out of the arena wall and clambers just out of reach of the bear. The bear roars. BRIENNE continues to reach down to JAIME as he tries clumsily to scale the wall. He swings his legs up, gains some leverage and hooks his handless forearm around the beam. He then lurches into BRIENNE's reach.
BRIENNE: Pull him up!
BRIENNE and the men pull JAIME up to safety. The bear pounds the wall.
LOCKE: The bitch stays.
JAIME stands up to confront LOCKE.
JAIME: We're taking her to King's Landing. Unless you kill me.
LOCKE: She belongs to me. Lord Bolton's orders.
JAIME: What do you think is more important to Lord Bolton?  Getting his pet rat a reward or ensuring Tywin Lannister gets his son back alive?
JAIME and LOCKE stand off. LOCKE's men prepare for a fight, but LOCKE relents.
JAIME:  Well, we must be on our way. Sorry about the sapphires.
JAIME and BRIENNE push their way through the crowd and walk off. STEELSHANKS WALTON follows. The bear roars.
EXT: Riverlands woods, morning
ARYA lies on the ground, eyes open. She gets up quietly, picks up a large rock and creeps towards the sleeping HOUND, step by step. The Hound sleeps peacefully. She raises it over her head to strike. Without moving, he speaks. She freezes.
HOUND: I'll give you one try, girl.
He turns to look at her.
HOUND: Kill me and you're free. But if I live, I'll break both your hands. Go on, hit me. Hit me hard.
CUT TO: Riverlands, edge of the woods, later.
The HOUND rides his horse, with ARYA sitting side saddle in front of him. He takes a bite of an apple and then offers to share with ARYA. She looks, but ignores it, so the HOUND takes another bite.
HOUND: Sulk all you want. The truth is, you're lucky. You don't want to be alone out here, girl. Someone worse than me would find you.
ARYA: There's no one worse than you.
HOUND: Ha, you never knew my brother. He once killed a man for snoring. There's plenty worse than me. There's men who like to beat little girls, men who like to rape them. I saved your sister from some of them.
ARYA: You're lying.
HOUND: Ask her, if you ever see her again. Ask her who came back for her when the mob had her on her back. They would have taken her every which way and left her there with her throat cut open.
They reach a vista with an expansive river.
ARYA: Is that the Blackwater?
HOUND:  The Blackwater?  Where do you think I'm taking you?
ARYA:  Back to King's Landing to Joffrey and the queen.
HOUND: Fuck Joffrey. Fuck the queen. That's the Red Fork. I'm taking you to the Twins.
ARYA: But why?
HOUND:  Because your mother and brother will be there and they'll pay me for you.
ARYA: Why would they be at the Twins?
HOUND:  Those outlaws you love so much never told you?  The whole countryside is yapping about it. Your uncle is marrying one of the Frey girls. So quit trying to bash my skull in and we might just make it there in time for the wedding.
The HOUND goads his mount, and they continue to ride.
EXT: Essos.
Soldiers gallop through the barren landscape outside Yunkai. DAENERYS, JORAH and BARRSITAN watch them from a distance, hidden in a crag. They are wrapped in drab fabrics to manage the heat of the desert.
BARRISTAN: Men who fight for gold have neither honor nor loyalty. They cannot be trusted.
JORAH: They can be trusted to kill you if they're well paid. The Yunkish are paying them well.
DAENERYS: You know these men?
JORAH:  Only by the broken swords on their banners. They're called the Second Sons. A company led by a Braavosi named Mero, "The Titan's Bastard."
DAENERYS: Is he more titan or bastard?
JORAH:  He's a dangerous man, khaleesi. They all are.
DAENERYS: How many?
BARRISTAN:  2,000, Your Grace. Armored and mounted.
DAENERYS: Enough to make a difference?
BARRISTAN: (nods)
DAENERYS:  It's hard to collect wages from a corpse. I'm sure the sellswords prefer to fight for the winning side.
JORAH: I imagine you're right.
DAENERYS: I'd like to talk to the Titan's Bastard about winning.
JORAH: He may not agree to meet.
DAENERYS: He will. A man who fights for gold can't afford to lose to a girl.
CUT: Dany, Barristan, Mero, Prendahl, Daario, Jorah,Missandei
EXT: An open tent outside of Yunkai
BARRISTAN stands next to MERO, PRENDAHL and DAARO. DAENERYS sits in front of them with MISSANDEI and GREY WORM stand nearby.
DAARIO:  Daario Naharis
MERO steps forward.
MERO: You are the Mother of Dragons?  I swear I fucked you once in a pleasure house in Lys.
JORAH: Mind your tongue.
MERO sits on the couch next to DAENERYS. DAARIO and PRENDAHL sit nearby.
MERO: Why?  I didn't mind hers. She licked my ass like she was born to do it.
MERO waggles his tongue suggestively at DAENERYS. She does not react.
MERO: (laughs) You, slave girl, bring wine.
DAENERYS: We have no slaves here.
MERO: You'll all be slaves after the battle unless I save you. Take your clothes off and come and sit on Mero's lap and I may give you my Second Sons.
DAENERYS: Give me your Second Sons and I may not have you gelded. Ser Barristan, how many men fight for the Second Sons?
BARRISTAN: Under 2,000, Your Grace.
DAENERYS: We have more, don't we?
BARRISTAN:  10,000 Unsullied.
MISSANDEI serves wine to MERO, He toasts DAENERYS and drinks. MISSANDEI serves DAARIO and PRENDAHL.
DAENERYS: I'm only a young girl, new to the ways of war, but perhaps a seasoned captain like yourself can explain to me how you propose to defeat us.
DAARIO: I hope the old man is better with a sword than he is with a lie. You have 8,000 Unsullied.
DAENERYS: You're very young to be a captain.
PRENDAHL: He's not a captain. He's a lieutenant.
DAENERYS: Even if your numbers are right, you must admit the odds don't favor your side.
MERO: The Second Sons have faced worse odds and won.
JORAH: The Second Sons have faced worse odds and run.
DAENERYS: Or you could fight for me.
MERO motions for more wine. MISSANDEI obliges.
MERO: We've taken the slavers' gold. We fight for Yunkai.
DAENERYS: I would pay you as much and more.
MERO sniffs MISSNDEI, who jumps back, startled.
PRENDAHL: Our contract is our bond. If we break our bond, no one will hire the Second Sons again.
DAENERYS: Ride with me and you'll never need another contract. You'll have gold and castles and lordships of your choosing when I take back the Seven Kingdoms.
DAARIO: You have no ships. You have no siege weapons. You have no cavalry.
DAENERYS: A fortnight ago, I had no army. A year ago, I had no dragons. You have two days to decide.
MERO: Show me your cunt. I want to see if it's worth fighting for.  Grey WORM: (speaks Valyrian) My Queen, shall I slice out his tongue for you?
DAENERYS: (speaks Valyrian) These men are our guests. (Speaks common.) You seem to be enjoying my wine. Perhaps you'd like a flagon to help you ponder.
MERO: Only a flagon? And what are my brothers in arms to drink?
DAENERYS:  A barrel, then.
MERO stands. DAARIO and PRENDAHL follow suit. They start to leave.
MERO: Good. The Titan's Bastard does not drink alone. In the Second Sons, we share everything. After the battle, maybe we'll all share you.
DAARIO and DAENERYS exchange a glance. MERO gives a lecherous look to MISSANDEI as he passes.
MERO: I'll come looking for you when this is over.
Mero slaps Missandei's rump as he leaves.
DAENERYS: Ser Barristan, if it comes to battle, kill that one first.
BARRISTAN: Gladly, Your Grace.
EXT: Dragonstone shoreline.
Soldiers help MELISANDRE and GENDRY to exit their ship's boat. GENDRY looks up at the castle. MELISANDRE turns and GENDRY follows.
INT: Dragonstone War Room.
STANIS stands among his maps. MELISANDRE, GENDRY and their accompanying soldiers enter. STANNIS walks over to GENDRY and grabs him by the chin to get. a better look at his face. GENDRY stares back.
STANNIS: Half Robert, half lowborn.
MELISANDRE: Show the boy to his chambers. Have the maids draw him a bath and find him some decent clothes. I'll come visit you soon.
GENDRY exits with the soldiers.
STANNIS: What do you mean to do with him?
MELISANDRE:  You know what I mean to do with him.
STANNIS: Then why bathe him and dress him in fine clothes?  If it needs to be done, do it. Don't torture the boy.
MELISANDRE: Have you ever slaughtered a lamb, my king?
STANNIS:  No.
MELISANDRE: If the lamb sees the knife, she panics. Her panic seeps into her meat, darkens it, fouls the flavor.
STANNIS: You've slaughtered many lambs?
MELISANDRE:  And none have seen the blade.
MELISSANDRE exits.
CUT TO: Dragonstone dungeon.
DAVOS sits, trying to sound out words by candlelight.
DAVOS smiles, pleased with himself. STANNIS enters and DAVOS rises to meet him. They talk across the bars that imprison DAVOS.
DAVOS: ' Your Grace.
STANNIS: They feeding you enough?
DAVOS:  Two meals a day. Cold for breakfast, hot for supper. I cannot complain.
STANNIS: You don't belong in a place like this.
DAVOS: Well, it's sad to say, but I've seen worse.
STANNIS: Yeah.
DAVOS: I'm sorry about your son. Didn't get the chance to tell you before. Good lad. Loyal lad.
DAVOS: (nods)
STANNIS: Melisandre's returned.
DAVOS: I didn't know she'd been gone.
STANNIS: Came back with a bastard boy. Robert's bastard boy.
DAVOS: Why?
STANNIS:  She says there's power in king's blood.
DAVOS: She's going to kill him.
STANNIS: Sacrifice him.
DAVOS: Forgive me, Your Grace, I'm not a learned man, but is there a difference between kill and sacrifice?  The boy is your nephew.
STANNIS: What of it? We're at war. Why should I spare the son of some tavern slut Robert bedded one drunken night?
DAVOS:  Because he has your blood in his veins.
STANNIS: So did Renly.
DAVOS: Renly wronged you. Renly declared himself king when the throne belonged to you. He raised an army, stole your bannermen. This boy has done you no harm. He's an innocent.
STANNIS: How many boys live in Westeros? How many girls? How many men? How many women?The darkness will devour them all, she says. The night that never ends. Unless I triumph. I never asked for this. No more than I asked to be king. We do not choose our destiny, but we must do our duty, no?  Great or small, we must do our duty. What's one bastard boy against a kingdom?
DAVOS:  Your Grace, why did you come to see me today?
STANNIS:  I came to free you. If you swear never to raise your hand to the Lady Melisandre again.
DAVOS: I swear it. I can't swear never to speak against her.
STANNIS: You have little regard for your own life.
DAVOS: Quite little, Your Grace. Verging on none. You could have freed me yesterday or tomorrow, but you came to me now before this boy is put to the knife because you knew I'd counsel restraint. You came to hear me say it because you believe it yourself. You're not a man who slaughters innocents for gain or glory. When my son was five he said to me, 'I don't ever want to die. ' I wanted to say to him, 'You won't, child. You won't ever.' I hated the idea of him lying awake in the dark, afraid. I think mothers and fathers made up the gods because they wanted their children to sleep through the night.
STANNIS: I saw a vision in the flames. A great battle in the snow. I saw it. And you saw whatever she gave birth to. I never believed, but when you see the truth, when it's right there in front of you as real as these iron bars, how can you deny her god is real?
EXT: Outside Yunkai
The camp of the Second Sons bustles with the work of the day. MERO, DAARIO and PRENDAHL sit in an open tent. MERO fondles the bare-chested WHORE who sits on his lap.
PRENDAHL:  Little dragon bitch. She talks too much.
DAARIO: You talk too much.
MERO: She won't talk so much when she's choking on my cock.
DAARIO: 8000 unsullied stand between her and your cock.
MERO: My cock will find a way. Tell him. Is there any place that my cock can't reach?
DAARIO: She'll tell me whatever you pay her to tell me.
MERO: Daario Naharis, the whore who doesn't like whores.
DAARIO: I like them very much. I just refuse to pay them. And I'm no whore, my friend.
MERO: She sells her sheath and you sell your blade. What's the difference?
DAARIO:  I fight for beauty.
PRENDAHL: For beauty?
MERO:  We fight for gold.
MERO: You'll die young.
PRENDAHL: What do we do about the dragon girl?  We can't beat 8,000 Unsullied on the battlefield.
MERO: There won't be a battle. And we don't have to deal with her eunuchs. We only have to deal with her.
PRENDAHL: She's well guarded.
MERO: Tonight's a new moon. One of us slips into her camp past her Unsullied and her knights.
PRENDAHL: Which one of us?
MERO:  Close your eyes, love.
The WHORE stands, and MERO picks up a coin purse. He pours out three coins into his hand.
MERO: Three coins. A coin from Meereen, a coin from Volantis, and a coin from Braavos. The Braavosi does the deed. One for each of us, darling. No peeking.
MERO hands the coins to the WHORE, spins her around and plants a kiss  and a slap on her ass.  She blindly feels her way forward to PRENDAHL, who takes a coin. She then fumbles back to MERO, and he takes a coin. She then orients he way to DAARIO.
DAARIO: Do you hear me?  Follow my voice. I'm right here.
She falls into his lap, laughing.
DAARIO: You have something for me?
DAARIO takes the final coin from the WHORE's hand, and holds it up. It is the Braavosi coin.
DAARIO:  Valar morghulis.
INT: King's Landing, Sansa's Chambers.
SHAE and two servants help SANSA with the final touches of her make-up. SHAE answers a kock at the door. She is displeased to see TYRION. The two servants leave, and SHAE ignores TYRION as he and PODRICK enter.
TYRION: Lady Sansa.
SANSA: You look very handsome, my lord.
TYRION: Oh, yes. The husband of your dreams. But you do look glorious. Perhaps we could have a moment alone. Do you mind? Podrick, could you escort Lady Stark's handmaiden?
SHAE and PODRICK exit. TYRION shuts the door.
TYRION:  My lady, I want you to know I didn't ask for this.
SANSA: I hope I will not disappoint you, my lord.
SANSA: I doubt that very much, my lord.
TYRION: You're right. I have no idea how you feel. And you have no idea how I feel.
TYRION takes SANSA's hand, tenderly.
TYRION: But I promise you one thing, my lady. I won't ever hurt you. Do you drink wine?
SANSA:  When I have to.
TYRION: Well, today you have to.
SANSA smiles. TYRION leads her forward.
INT: King's Landing, the Sept of Baelor
CERSEI and MARGAERY look on as the sept is prepared for the wedding.
MARGAERY: You look radiant, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Radiant? Why radiant?
MARGAERY:  It's the word that came to mind.
MARGAERY takes CERSEI's arm in hers.
MARGAERY: We're going to be sisters soon. We should be friends.
CERSEI: You're a musical girl, aren't you?  I imagine you have a lovely voice.
The begin to descend into the sept.
MARGAERY: A better dancer than a singer, I'm afraid.
CERSEI: Ah, but you know the song 'The Rains of Castamere'?
They pass LORAS, and stop a bit further along.
MARGAERY:  Of course. They play it so often here at court.
CERSEI: So you know the story of House Reyne of Castamere?
MARGAERY:  Not as well as you, I'm sure.
CERSEI: House Reyne was a powerful family. Very wealthy. The second wealthiest in Westeros. Aren't the Tyrells the second wealthiest family in Westeros now?
MARGAERY: (nods)
CERSEI:  Of course, ambitious climbers don't want to stop on the second highest rung. If only you could take that final step, you'd see further than all the rest. You'd be alone with nothing but blue sky above you. So Lord Reyne built a castle as grand as Casterly Rock. He gave his wife diamonds larger than any my mother ever wore. And finally one day, he rebelled against my father. Do you know where House Reyne is now?
MARGAERY:  Gone.
CERSEI: Gone. A gentle word. Why not say slaughtered? Every man, woman, and child put to the sword.
They continue down the great stairs to the main floor.
CERSEI: I remember seeing their bodies hanging high above the gates of Casterly Rock. My father let them rot up there all summer. It was a long summer. 'And now the rains weep o'er their halls, and not a soul to hear.'
They pause. CERSEI looks MARGAERY in the eye and frees her arm.
CERSEI: If you ever call me sister again, I'll have you strangled in your sleep.
CERSEI exits.
CUT TO: Outside the sept.
The great doors open to Baelor's Sept. SANSA walks through them, alone.
CUT TO: Inside the sept.
TYRION stands on the stage, watching SANSA enter at the other side of the sept. The crowd quiets. SANSA pauses at the top of the steps. JOFFREY approaches, smirking.
SANSA: What are you doing?
JOFFREY:  Your father's gone. As the father of the realm, it is my duty to give you away to your husband.
Sansa takes Joffrey's arm. The doors closes. They descend the stairs and walk throufgh the crowd, Sansa and Joffrey apprach Tyrion, passsing Bronn, Margaery, Olenna, Loras, Cersei, Tywin, Pycelle, and reach TYRION and the HIGH SEPTON. JOFFREY reaches down and takes TYRION's step stool, and noisily joins CERSEI and TYWIN. TYRION fumes.
HIGH SEPTON: You may now cloak the bride and bring her under your protection.
SANSA turns her back to TYRION. He attempts to cloak Sansa, but he is too short. Joffrey snickers and some in the crowd join in. TYWIN quiets their rudeness with a look.
TYRION: Could you-
SANSA kneels for TYRION. He places the cloak on her shoulders, and she accepts it. She rises
TYRION: Thank you.
HIGH SEPTON: Your Grace, Your Grace, my lords, my ladies, we stand here in the sight of gods and men to witness the union of man and wife. One flesh, one heart, one soul, now and forever.
INT: DRAGONSTONE
GENDRY paces nervously in his chambers. The door opens noisily, and MELISANDRE enters, holding an ornate box.
MELISANDRE: Have you ever seen one like it?
GENDRY:  I've never seen anything like any of this. Not in my life.
MELISANDRE: It's shocking, isn't it, the first time you encounter real wealth?  When I was your age, I lived on one bowl of stew a day. And stew is a kind word for it.
MELISANDRE lights a stick and uses it to ignite some more candles.
GENDRY: In Flea Bottom we called them bowls of brown. We'd pretend that the meat in them was chicken. We knew it wasn't chicken.
Melisandre hands a chalice of wine to Gendry.
MELISANDRE: Here, taste this.
GENDRY stands motionless, refusing the wine.
MELISANDRE: You think I'm trying to poison you?
MELISANDRE takes a deep drink. The GENDRY takes the wine from MELISANDRE, and drinks, thirstily.
GENDRY:  That's good.
He nearly finishes it in two drinks.
GENDRY: That's really good.
MELISANDRE: Where do you think it's from?
GENDRY:  I couldn't even guess.
MELISANDRE: Doesn't matter, does it?  It's the real thing or it's not. You only need a tongue to tell the difference. Go on, have some more. You still don't trust it. You think this is all a mistake and that you'll have to pay somehow for every bite you take.
GENDRY: That thought had crossed my mind, yeah.
MELISANDRE strokes GENDRY's cheek.
MELISANDRE: There are no mistakes. Not for us.
GENDRY: I'm a mistake. I'm only here because my father grabbed my mother instead of the girl next to her in the tavern.
MELISANDRE takes a sip of wine. As she speaks, she caresses GENDRY and begins to undress him.
MELISANDRE: Your father chose your mother because the Lord of Light willed it. He willed it so you could be here right now with a power inside you you can't even begin to understand. And He brought me here to draw it from you and birth it into the world. We're both a part of His plan. He wants this for us. No, He demands this of us.
MELISANDRE removes GENDRY's shirt.
MELISANDRE fondles GENDRY's midriff.
MELISANDRE: According to whom?  The Silent Sisters? With their stern looks, muzzled mouths, and dried-up cunts? What have their gods done for you?  Hmm?  When you pray to them, what's their answer?  A god is real or he's not. You only need eyes to see.
MELISANDRE drops her dress to the floor and caresses the back of GENDRY's head.
MELISANDRE: Death is coming for everyone and everything. A darkness that will swallow the dawn. And we can stop it, you and I.
MELISANDRE leads GENDRY to the side of the bed. She kisses him, and gently pushes him back onto the bed. She undoes his pants and strides him.
MELISANDRE: Let me show you what you have inside you. Come fight death with me.
She helps him inside of her, and they both undulate and moan with pleasure. GENDRY fondles her breasts, and MELISANDRE gently leads his hands to the headboard of the grand bed. She quickly binds them with a single pull on a leather strap.
GENDRY: What are you doing?
MELISANDRE gives him a peck.
MELISANDRE:  You have to trust me.
She searches down GENDRY's body, and he gives himself over to her, eyes closed. She binds GENDRY's booted feet to the other end of the bed. He opens his eyes, watching and panting. MELISANDRE opens the ornate box at the side of the bed and pulls out a leech and places it on GENDRY's chest. He begins to panic.
GENDRY: What--?  Get it away. Get it off me.
MELISANDRE places more leeches on GENDRY's chest.
MELISANDRE: Don't fight, don't fight. They won't take much.
GENDRY: Why are you doing this?
MELISANDRE:  I told you there's power in the blood of kings. And you have so much blood.
GENDRY: No. No, no, no, no! Not there. Not there!
MELISANDRE places a leech on GENDRY's groin. The chamber door opens. STANNIS and DAVOS enter.
MELISANDRE:  You can blame Ser Davos. He didn't believe in the power of king's blood. He wanted a demonstration.
MELISANDRE walks to her dress and slips it back on. STANNIS  approaches them.
GENDRY: Please. Please, Your Grace. My lord!
MELISANDRE returns to GENDRY, and removes the leeches with her forcepts.
GENDRY: (cries out)
Melisandre hands leeches to Stannis, next to the brazier that she lit earlier. Stannis takes out the leaches one by one, tossing them into the flames, which spark with each one.
STANNIS:  The usurper Robb Stark. The usurper Balon Greyjoy. The usurper Joffrey Baratheon.
INT: King's Landing, the wedding reception.
JOFFREY and CERSEI sit amist the festivities drinking wine and chatting. TYWIN sits to their left, stoic. At the head table, TYRION carefully (and drunkenly) fills his wine glass right to the brim. He smacks his lips and looks over to SANSA, who is disgusted with him. The Tyrells sit across the hall from the Lannisters. OLENNA speaks with amusement to LORAS and MARGAERY.
OLENNA: So their son will be your nephew. After you're wed to Cersei, of course. And you will be the king's stepfather and brother-in-law. When you marry the king, Joffrey's mother will become his sister-in-law and your son will be Loras' nephew?  Grandson?  I'm not sure. But your brother will become your father-in-law. That much is beyond dispute.
LORAS leaves in a huff. At the head table, TYRION checks his teeth in a golden plate and tosses it aside. TYWIN looks on with disdain as TYRION spills his wine. He starts to clean himself with the table cloth. The embarrasment brings SANSA out of her stiff discomfort.
TYRION: (snorts)
SANSA: Will you pardon me, my lord?
TYRION:  Of course. Of course. En--enjoy.
SANSA stands and exits. JOFFREY gets up to intercept her, but CERSEI steadies him with a touch to the hand.
CERSEI: Perhaps you could talk to your bride-to-be instead.
JOFFREY: I've got a lifetime for that.
JOFFREY shakes off her hand and leaves, CERSEI sighs and gets up to follow. Her handmaiden starts to trail her.
CERSEI: Stay.
Back at the head table, TYRION notices SANSA talking to VARYS, with SHAE standing by them. TYWIN appears beside him, startling TYRION.
TYWIN: You seem rather drunk.
TYRION: Rather less than I plan to be. Isn't it a man's duty to be drunk at his own wedding?
TYWIN:  This isn't about your wedding. Renly Baratheon had a wedding. Your wife needs a child, a Lannister child, as soon as possible.
TYRION: And?
TYWIN:  If you're going to give her one, you need to perform.
TYRION: What did you once call me?  A drunken little lust-filled beast.
TYWIN: More than once.
TYRION: There you have it. Nothing to worry about. Drinking and lust, no man can match me in these things. I am the god of tits and wine. I shall build a shrine to myself at the next brothel I visit.
TYWIN takes away TYRION's wine and slams it on the table. TYRION spits and fumes.
TYWIN: You can drink, you can joke, you can engage in juvenile attempts to make your father uncomfortable, but you will do your duty.
TYWIN returns to his own seat. LORAS stands above in the balustrade, surveying the scene from afar. TYRION salutes LORAS with his cup. LORAS looks away uncomfortably, and notices CERSEI on the balustrade, looking out at the sea. He approaches her.
LORAS: Well, my father once told me--
CERSEI: Nobody cares what your father once told you.
CERSEI exits.
CUT TO: The Wedding Celebration
SANSA walks through the revelry with SHAE. After opening a curtain for SANSA, SHAE quickly departs as JOFFREY intercepts SANSA.
JOFFREY: Congratulations, my lady.
SANSA: Thank you, Your Grace.
JOFFREY: Well, you've done it. You've married a Lannister. Soon you'll have a Lannister baby. It's a dream come true for you, isn't it?  What a glorious day.
SANSA: Yes, Your Grace.
JOFFREY: I suppose it doesn't really matter which Lannister puts the baby into you. Maybe I'll pay you a visit tonight after my uncle passes out. How'd you like that?
SANSA does not reply.
JOFFREY: You wouldn't? That's all right. Ser Meryn and Ser Boros will hold you down.
JOFFREY smirks cruelly as he turns back to the main hall and claps his hands for attention.
JOFFREY: Time for the bedding ceremony.
TYRION: There will be no bedding ceremony.
JOFFREY takes SANSA's hand and leads her to the central banquet floor.
JOFFREY: Where's your respect for tradition, Uncle? Come, everyone. Pick her up and carry her to her wedding bed. Get rid of her gown. She won't be needing it any longer. Ladies, attend to my uncle. He's not heavy.
TYRION: There will be no bedding ceremony.
JOFFREY: There will be if I command it.
TYRION stabs his knife resoundingly into the table in front of him. JOFFREY is shocked.
TYRION: Then you'll be fucking your own bride with a wooden cock.
Tywin rises from his seat.
JOFFREY: What did you say? What did you say?
TYWIN:  I believe we can dispense with the bedding, Your Grace. I'm sure Tyrion did not mean to threaten the king.
TYRION's hand shakes with rage as he grips the knife with all his strength. Suddenly, he regains his drunken composure. He releases the knife and laughs obsequiously.
TYRION: A bad joke, Your Grace. Made out of envy of your own royal manhood. Mine is so small. My poor wife won't even know I'm there.
TYWIN: Your uncle is clearly quite drunk, Your Grace.
TYRION staggers from the head table, and tumbles into another as he walks.
TYRION: My tiny drunk cock and I have a job to do. Come, wife.
TYRION entreats SANSA to come with him. She follows, embarrassed and small.
TYRION: I vomited on a girl once in the middle of the act. Not proud of it. But I think honesty is important between a man and wife, don't you agree?  Come, I'll tell you all about it. Put you in the mood.
CUT TO: Tyrion's Chambers
TYRION opens the door for SANSA. She enters nervously. TYRION closes the door, and staggers directly to the wine, and pours himself a glass.
SANSA: Is that wise, my lord?
TYRION:  Tyrion, Sansa. My name is Tyrion.
SANSA: Is that wise, Tyrion?
TYRION:  Nothing was ever wiser.
TYRION sits on the side of the bed.
TYRION: Astoundingly long.
SANSA: What?
TYRION:  Neck. You have one. How old are you exactly?
SANSA: 14
TYRION:  Well, talk won't make you any older. My lord father has commanded me to consummate this marriage.
SANSA takes a breath. She pours herself some wine and drinks it. TYRION offers a drunken toast of solidarity. SANSA moves quietly and obediently to the bed and undresses her many layers while TYRION watches.
TYRION: Stop. I can't. I could, I won't.
SANSA: But your father--
TYRION: If my father wants someone to get fucked, I know where he can start. I won't share your bed. Not until you want me to.
SANSA: What if I never want you to?
TYRION toasts SANSA.
TYRION:  And so my watch begins.
TYRION drinks. He turns, sets down his glass, and passes out directly.  SANSA is speechless.
EXT: Encampment outside of Yunkai, night.
The encampment bustles in spite of the late hour, with the Unsullied patrolling the paths between the tents. One Unsullied trots through camp alone.
INT: Daenerys's tent
MISSANDEI bathes DAENERYS in a tub by candlelight
DAENERYS: 19
MISSANDEI: Yes, Your Grace.
DAENERYS: How can anyone speak 19 languages?
MISSANDEI:  It only took Your Grace a year to learn Dothraki reasonably well.
MISSANDEI:  Dothraki is difficult for the mouth to master. So guttural and harsh.
DAENERYS: (in Dothraki) Drogo said I spoke Dothroaki like one born to it. It gave him great pride.
MISSANDEI: Athjahakar.
DAENERYS: Athjahaka.
MISSANDEI: Ath-ja-hakar.
DAENERYS: Athjahakar.
MISSANDEI: (nods)
DAENERYS: Well, I suppose I'm a bit out of practice.
MISSANDEI: Your High Valyrian is very good, Your Grace. The gods could not devise a more perfect tongue. It is the only proper language for poetry.
MISSANDEI: (gasps)
DAENERYS turns to see MISSANDEI held captive, her mouth covered and a knife at her throat. Her assailant, DAARIO, wears the uniform of the Unsullied.
DAARIO: No screaming or she dies.
DAARIO leads MISSANDEI further into the tent. DAENERYS watches nervously, feeling vulnerable in her bath. DAARIO removes the knife from her throat, and lifts of the Unsullied helmet. His eyes smile at DAENERYS. She is confused and angry.
DAENERYS: What do you want?
DAARIO places the tip of his blade back onto MISSANDEI's throat.
DAARIO:  You.
DAENERYS: Let her go.
DAARIO: Don't scream, lovely girl.
DAARIO releases MISSANDEI with a grand gesture. She scampers next to DAENERYS.
DAENERYS: You were sent here to kill me?
DAARIO: (nods and chuckles)
DAENERYS:  So why haven't you?
DAARIO:  I don't want to.
DAENERYS: What do your captains have to say about that?
DAARIO:  You should ask them.
DAARIO removes his satchel and dumps its contents on the floor. The heads of MERO and PRENDAHL thud as they hit the floor.
DAENERYS: Why?
DAARIO:  We had philosophical differences.
DAENERYS: Over what?
DAARIO:  Your beauty. It meant more to me than it did to them.
DAENERYS: You're a strange man.
DAARIO: I'm the simplest man you'll ever meet. I only do what I want to do.
DAENERYS: And this is supposed to impress me?
DAARIO:  Yes.
DAENERYS: Why would I trust a man who murders his comrades?
DAARIO:  They ordered me to murder you. I told them I preferred not to. They told me I had no choice. I told them I am Daario Naharis. I always have a choice. They drew their swords and I drew mine.
DAENERYS rises from her bath and steps to the floor. She stands naked before DAARIO, matching his confidence with her resolve. MISSANDEI steps behind her and slips her into a robe.
DAENERYS: Will you fight for me?
DAARIO: (nods)
DAENERYS walks to him.
DAENERYS:  Swear to me.
DAARIO unsheathes his sword and kneels, placing it across his knees.
DAARIO: The Second Sons are yours and so is Daario Naharis. My sword is yours, my life is yours, my heart is yours.
DAARIO bows his head.
INT: King's Landing, Tyrion's Chambers, morning.
The door to TYRION's chamber opens. SANSA sleeps alone in TYRION's bed. TYRION lies on the settee that he passed out on the night before.  SHAE walks in without looking at TYRION and slam the breakfast tray the she holds onto the table. SANSA rises from the bed while TYRION struggles to even prop himself up.
TYRION: You really ought to knock.
SHAE: I brought your breakfast.
Irritated, SHAE moves quickly through the room. She snatches SANSA's dress from under TYRION's head. His head thumps into the chair's arm. SHAE helps SANSA to dress while TYRION struggles with his hang over. SHAE begins to strip the bed, and notices that the sheets are stain-free. She softens and exchanges a sympathetic and understanding look with TYRION. She exits with the sheets.
EXT: North of the Wall, dusk.
SAM, GILLY and her BABY walk across the snowy landscape, exhausted. The wind churns. GILLY stops by a tree while SAM examines a broken farmhouse. A crow lands in the godswood tree above them
BABY: (fusses)
SAM: It's getting dark. We could stay here for the night.
BABY: (fusses)
GILLY hands the BABY to SAM. SAM smiles at the child while  GILLY collects firewood. A second crow joins the first in the tree. SAM pauses, surprised at the coincidence.
CUT TO: The broken barn, a bit later.
The wind howls and whistles in the night. Inside the broken barn, SAM tries to strike a fire with his flint stones.
SAM: How hard can it be to build a fire?
GILLY:  It doesn't matter. Come under the furs. We can keep each other warm.
SAM blinks rapidly, then sits next to GILLY. She spreads the furs over them both and looks at him.
BABY: (fusses)
SAM: He winked at me before.
GILLY: I doubt it.
SAM: I saw him wink at me.
GILLY: He blinked.
SAM: I suppose it's a rather philosophical difference between a wink and a blink.
GILLY: A what?
SAM:  Well, I mean, there's no real difference.
GILLY: A wink is on purpose.
SAM: You thought of a name yet? It would be easier to refer to him if he had a name.
GILLY: Sometimes do you talk fancy on purpose to confuse me?
SAM:  What? No. This is just the way I talk.
GILLY: I'll build that fire.
GILLY sets down the BABY and stacks the wood. She tries to strike the flint.
SAM: Don't you think he should have a name?
GILLY:  I don't know many boys' names.
SAM: Let's see, there's Duncan, Kevan, Jon Guymon, Feldan, Tristifer.
GILLY: Craster.
SAM is taken aback. While he thinks of how to respond, the fire comes alive.
SAM: Uh, yes. Maybe that's not--
GILLY: Mormont.
GILLY feeds the fire.
SAM: That's a lovely idea, but Mormont's a last name.
GILLY: Why is it a last name?
SAM:  Well, it's a family name. For instance, I'm Samwell Tarly. Samwell is my birth name and Tarly is my family name. You see? So my father is also a Tarly.
GILLY: His name is Samwell Tarly, too?
SAM:  No, Randyll Tarly.
GILLY: Randyll is a handsome name.
SAM: Please don't name him Randyll.
GILLY: Is your father cruel like mine?
SAM:  Different manner of cruel.
GILLY blows on the fire. Crows caw outside the broken barn.
GILLY: Not Randyll, then.
GILLY sits back down next to SAM. The sounds of crows escalate into a chorus of relentless cawing. SAM and GILLY listen with fear. SAM nods at her with a slight smile, and rises.
GILLY: Don't. Don't go out there.
SAM takes a burning torch from the fire.
SAM: I'll be back. I just want to look.
SAM reaches the side of the barn and looks out. He grabs his sword as he exits. The godswood tree is swarmed by crows. They cry out in a cacophany. GILLY joins SAM outside, clutching her BABY. Every branch of the godswood is covered by crows. There must be hundreds.
SAM: Go inside. Go back inside. I'll--
Suddenly the crows fall silent. A growl comes out of the darkness beyond them. SAM looks into the woods, and drops his torch.
GILLY: It's come for the baby.
A lone figure walks towards them from the woods. SAM readies his sword, two handed. The figure comes closer. It is a WHITE WALKER, approaching calmly.
SAM: Stay back!
The WHITE WALKER continues to approach. SAM extends his sword in front of him, an unconvincing threat. The WHITE WALKER is nearly upon SAM.
SAM:  You stay back!
The WHITE WALKER grabs SAM's sword. It sounds a resonant ring and suddenly shatters in his grip. He levels SAM with an uppercut that sends him sprawling to the ground. He turns his attention to GILLY and her BABY.
GILLY:  No, you can't have him! No!
SAM draws the dragonglass knife from his furs.
GILLY: No!
SAM runs to intercept the WHITE WALKER. He lunged and plants the dragonglass knife in the shoulder blade of the WHITE WALKER. The ghoul screeches and turns to attack SAM. But the WALKER seizes up, howls, and falls to his knees,  his flesh hardening and cracking like ice. Suddenly, he shatters into tiny shards, practically vanishing into crystal dust. SAM and GILLY are stupefied. The crows begin to sound again. SAM grabs GILLY. They run away from the barn and into the woods. The crows take to flight, swarming them and cawing in a thunderous clamor.
[Opening Credits]
[First scene shows the location of Casterly Rock (ancestral seat of House Lannister) on a giant map of Westeros. There are several game pieces representing different House sigils located on different parts of the map. ROBB STARK and CATELYN STARK are at a campsite, within a tent lit up by candles]
CATELYN: Are you sure about this?
ROBB: No.
CATELYN: It's dangerous.
[ROBB nods in agreement]
ROBB: If we take Tywin's castle from him, the lords of Westeros will realize he's not invincible.  Take his home, take his gold, take his power.
CATELYN: Why are you telling me?
[ROBB pauses then walks around CATELYN]
ROBB: You begged me not to send Theon to negotiate with his father and I ignored your advice.
[ROBB pours himself something to drink]
ROBB: Now Winterfell is burned to the ground.  The North is overrun with Ironborn and Bran and Rickon are gone.
[ROBB pauses]
ROBB: So, Casterly Rock?  I'm asking your advice.
[CATELYN pauses, staring at ROBB.  She then looks at the map]
CATELYN: We have enough men?
[ROBB grabs a House Frey piece]
ROBB: If Walder Frey cooperates.
CATELYN: If Walder Frey cooperates.
[Close up shots of the map showing the sigils of House Stark, House Frey and House Lannister]
CATELYN: If reinforcements arrive from King's Landing, before we take the castle, we'll be caught between Tywin's army and the sea.
[ROBB moves the House Frey piece to the House Stark side of the map]
ROBB: We'll lose the war and die the way father died. Or worse.
[A flash of anger spreads across CATELYN's face]
CATELYN: Show them how it feels to lose what they love.
The next scene shows ROBB'S direwolf, Grey Wind, as he leads House Stark's army to The Twins castle, the ancestral seat of House Frey.  [The scene shifts to the inside of The Twins, as a servant walks around with a plate of bread and salt in observation of the Westerosi tradition of "Guest Right".  ROBB, his wife TALISA MAEGYR, his uncle EDMURE TULLY, his great uncle BRYNDEN "BLACKFISH" TULLY, CATELYN and the Stark army are in the presence of WALDER FREY and his family.  ROBB takes a piece of bread, dips it into the salt and eats it while looking intently at WALDER]
WALDER: My honored guests, be welcome within my walls and at my table.  I extend to you my hospitality and protection in the light of the Seven.
ROBB: We thank you for your hospitality, my lord.
[Servant stops in front of WALDER.  He takes a piece of bread from the plate and eats it]
ROBB: I have come to make my apologies, my lord, and to beg your forgiveness.
WALDER: Don't beg my forgiveness, your Grace.  It wasn't me you spurned, it was my girls.
[WALDER signals for his female relatives to appear before ROBB]
WALDER: One of them was supposed to be queen, now none of them are.
[As WALDER calls each relative by name, they briefly look up at ROBB]
WALDER: This is Arwyn, my daughter.  My daughter Walda, my daughter Derwa, my daughter Waldra.
[WALDER pauses to chew]
WALDER: My eldest granddaughters Ginia and Neila.
[EDMURE intently watches the Frey women]
WALDER: Serra and Sarra, granddaughters, twins.  You could have had either.  Could have had both for all I care.
[EDMURE closes his eyes after hearing WALDER'S comments about his granddaughters]
WALDER: My granddaughter Marianne.  My granddaughter Freya.  My granddaughter...W-W-Wertha? Waldra? Waldina?
[WALDER guessing at his granddaughter's name.  EDMURE raises his eyebrows]
MERRY: I'm Merry.
WALDER: Fine.  And here's my youngest daughter Shirei, though she hasn't bled yet.  Clearly you don't have the patience for all that.
[ROBB looks at the Frey women]
ROBB: My ladies.  All men should keep their word, kings most of all.  I was pledged to marry one of you and I broke that vow.  The fault is not with you.  Any man would be lucky to have any one of you.  I did what I did not to slight you, but because I loved another.  I know these words cannot set right the wrong I have done to you and your house.  I beg your forgiveness and pledge to do all I can to make amends so the Freys of the Crossing and the Starks of Winterfell may once again be friends.
[WALDER claps to signal the dismissal of the Frey women]
WALDER: Very good.
[WALDER focuses on TALISA]
WALDER: There she is.  Come closer, let me have a look at you.
[TALISA takes a couple of steps towards WALDER.  WALDER moves forward in his seat and squints]
WALDER: Still can't see you.  Old eyes.
[TALISA looks at ROBB who nods.  Frey men look on as she takes a couple more steps towards WALDER.  She bows her head]
WALDER: Love.  That's what the Starks of Winterfell call it, eh?  Heh. Very honorable, I call it a pretty face.  Mmmm, very pretty.  Prettier than this lot, that's for sure.  Very shapely as well.  Oh, you try to hide her under that dress.  If you wanted to hide her, you shouldn't have brought her here in the first place.
[WALDER leans forward with a grin]
WALDER: I can always see what's going on beneath a dress.  Been at this a long time.  I bet when you take that dress off, everything stays right where it is.  Doesn't drop an inch.
[WALDER grins, ROBB visibly uncomfortable]
WALDER: Your king says he betrayed me for love.  I say he betrayed me for firm tits and a tight fit.
[ROBB starts to step forward before CATELYN stops him]
WALDER: And I can respect that.  When I was your age, I'd have broken fifty oaths to get into that without a second thought.  Well, I've enough room in the hall for you lot.  We'll set up tents outside with food and ale for the rest of your men.
[ROBB visibly angry]
ROBB: Thank you, my lord.
[WALDER stands up and claps]
WALDER: Well, let's get ready.  The wine will flow red and the music will play loud and we'll put this mess behind us.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Scene changes to the desert outside of the city of Yunkai on the continent of Essos.  An army of Unsullied are standing guard outside of DAENERYS TARGARYEN'S tent.  Inside her tent are her closest advisers: DAARIO NAHARIS, BARRISTAN SELMY, JORAH MORMONT and GREY WORM.  They are looking at a map of Yunkai]
DAENERYS: Where?
[DAARIO points at a location on the map]
DAARIO: There.
[DAARIO gets closer to DAENERYS, grabs and guides her hand to the location he was referring to.  JORAH watches him closely]
DAARIO: There, it's a back gate.  My men use it when they visit Yunkai's bed slaves.
JORAH: Your men but not you?
DAARIO: I have no interest in slaves.  A man cannot make love to property.
[DAENERYS briefly looks up at DAARIO and JORAH briefly looks at her]
DAARIO: This is where we enter the city.  Very few guards, they know me.  They let me inside.
BARRISTAN: We're not gonna sneak an army through a back gate.
DAARIO: I kill the guards.  I take your two best men and lead them through the back streets, which I know well, and open the front gates.
[DAARIO nods at JORAH and GREY WORM.  JORAH looks at GREY WORM who briefly looks back]
DAARIO: Then comes the army.  Once the walls are breached, the city will fall in hours.
JORAH: Or perhaps you'll lead Grey Worm and me to the slaughter, cutting the head off our army.  The masters of Yunkai will pay you your fee and you won't have to split it three ways cause you've already slaughtered your partners.
DAARIO: You have a very suspicious mind.  In my experience, only dishonest people think this way.
[JORAH sighs and looks at Grey Worm]
JORAH: You command the Unsullied.  What do you think?
DAENERYS: [Speaking to Grey Worm in Valyrian] Lo jention mirre nūmāzme ēza, iderenna qopsa verdagon issa.
GREY WORM: [In Valyrian] I trust him.
DAENERYS: [Speaking in the Common Tongue (in this case, English) again] You leave tonight.
JORAH: Very good.  We'll prepare.
[DAENERYS' advisers start to leave.  DAARIO grins at DAENERYS who looks back at him.  BARRISTAN walks towards JORAH]
BARRISTAN: Ser Jorah.  You can use an extra sword.
JORAH: You're the Queensguard, Ser Barristan.  Your place is by the Queen.  If we are truly her loyal servants, we'll do whatever needs to be done.  No matter the cost, no matter our pride.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Scene shifts to Beyond The Wall in the North.  SAMWELL TARLY, GILLY and her baby are walking south towards Castle Black]
SAMWELL: We're west of Castle Black, but the Nightfort's closest to us.  It was the first castle on the Wall. The Watch abandoned it during the reign of King Jaehaerys I.  Too big, impossible to maintain.  Other than Castle Black itself, the Nightfort's the perfect castle for us.  It's got a secret sally port, the Black Gate, as old as the Wall itself.  No one's used it for centuries, most likely.  It leads through the Wall right down into the Nightfort, if no one knows how to find it, which, it just so happens I do.
[GILLY stops and looks at SAMWELL in a confused manner]
GILLY: How do you know all that?
SAMWELL: I read about it in a very old book.
GILLY: You know all that from staring at marks on paper?
SAMWELL: Yes.
GILLY: You're like a wizard.
[SAMWELL smiles.  Next shot, GILLY and SAMWELL gaze up at the Wall]
GILLY: Our father used to tell us that no wildling ever looked upon the Wall and lived.  Here we are.  Alive.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Scene changes to SANDOR "THE HOUND" CLEGANE and ARYA STARK on horseback in the Riverlands, on their way to The Twins, where THE HOUND plans on returning ARYA to her mother and brother in the hopes of receiving some reward.  They see a PIG FARMER along the way who's having trouble with the wheel spokes on his cart]
THE HOUND: Remember what happens to children who run.  I'm your father and I'll do the talking.
[THE HOUND hands the horse reins to ARYA and walks over to the PIG FARMER]
PIG FARMER: The roads have gone right to hell, haven't they? Cracked three spokes this morning.
THE HOUND: Need a hand?
PIG FARMER: Need about eight hands.
[THE HOUND lifts the cart up]
PIG FARMER: Got to get this salt pork to The Twins in time for the wedding.
[PIG FARMER fixes the wheel, THE HOUND sets the cart down]
PIG FARMER: Many thanks.
[THE HOUND punches the PIG FARMER in the face, knocking him to the ground.  THE HOUND then unsheathes his dagger and prepares to kill him, prompting ARYA to intervene]
ARYA: Don't! Don't kill him.
THE HOUND: Dead rats don't squeak.
ARYA: You're so dangerous, aren't you? Saying scary things to little girls. Killing little boys and old people.  A real hard man you are.
THE HOUND: More than anyone you know.
ARYA: You're wrong.  I know a killer. A real killer.
THE HOUND: That so?
ARYA: You'd be like a kitten to him.  He'd kill you with his little finger.
[THE HOUND looks at the PIG FARMER on the ground]
THE HOUND: That him?
[Confused, ARYA turns her head to look down at the PIG FARMER]
ARYA: No.
THE HOUND: Good.
[THE HOUND again tries to approach the PIG FARMER in order to kill him but ARYA again intervenes pushing him back]
ARYA: Don't kill him!  Please.  Please don't.
[THE HOUND pauses then sheathes his dagger]
THE HOUND: You're very kind.  Someday it'll get you killed.
[PIG FARMER starts to regain consciousness.  ARYA grabs a piece of wood from the cart and hits him across the face with it, knocking him out again.  She then walks back to the horse as THE HOUND looks on surprised]
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Scene changes to the North, south of the wall.  BRAN STARK, RICKON STARK, HODOR, JOJEN REED, MEERA REED and OSHA are walking past a windmill]
OSHA: Where are we?
BRAN: The Gift, I think.  Brandon The Builder gave all this land south of the Wall to the Night’s Watch for their sustenance and support.  Maester Luwin taught me that.
JOJEN: Doesn’t seem to be supporting anyone at the moment.
MEERA: It’s good land and there’s no war up here.  Why leave?
BRAN: Wildlings.
[BRAN looks at OSHA who stares back at him]
BRAN: Sorry.  But they come over the Wall and raid, steal, carry off women.
RICKON: Old Nan said they turn your skull into a cup and make you drink your own blood from it.
[OSHA stares at RICKON who looks back at her]
RICKON: That’s what Old Nan said.
JOJEN: There’s a storm coming.
BRAN: I don’t see any.
[Thunder rumbling, everyone looks up at the sky and at the windmill]
MEERA: It’s as good a place to shelter as any.
[They begin walking back towards the windmill.  OSHA puts her hand on RICKON’S head]
OSHA: We can drink some blood while we wait.  I don’t need much.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Scene changes showing ORELL’S eagle circling over an old horse breeder’s home.  JON SNOW, TORMUND GIANTSBANE, ORELL, YGRITTE are hiding, waiting for ORELL’S scouting report]
ORELL: Only one old man and eight good horses.
TORMUND: What’s one old man doing with eight horses?
JON: He breeds them for the Watch.
YGRITTE: How’s he keep folks from stealing them?
JON: The Watch protects him.
ORELL: Not today they don’t.  He’s selling horses, he’s got some gold in there.
TORMUND: And proper steel.
ORELL: Let’s carve him up.
JON: We just take the horses and go.  The old man’s no threat.
[ORELL looks at TORMUND]
ORELL: I keep telling you.
[YGRITTE looks at JON]
YGRITTE: He’s an old man.  A spear through the heart’s a better way to die than coughing up your last with no one but your horses to hear.
[JON looks at TORMUND]
JON: The Watch might send a few men looking for a horse thief.  They’ll send a lot more to hunt down murderers.
TORMUND: I hope so.  Killing crows in their castle is tough.  Killing them out here in the open, that’s what we do.
[TORMUND announces to the rest of the wildlings]
TORMUND: Spread out.  Surround the hut and move in.
[The wildlings run towards the OLD MAN’S home.  JON smacks his sword, Longclaw, against a rock to alert the OLD MAN and his horses. Upon hearing his horses moving about, the OLD MAN steps outside and sees the wildlings running towards his home.  He gets on one of the horses and starts riding off.  YGRITTE preps her bow and arrow, aiming for the OLD MAN]
JON: Ygritte!
[JON intervenes and YGRITTE hits a tree instead]
TORMUND: Clear the barn!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Scene changes to ARYA looking at The Twins.  They’re relatively close.  Meanwhile, THE HOUND eats pig feet by the cart.  ARYA walks back to THE HOUND]
ARYA:  No one’s going to believe you’re a hog farmer if you eat them all.
[THE HOUND waves a pig’s foot at ARYA]
THE HOUND: Best part of the animal.
[THE HOUND continues to eat while ARYA gazes back at the Twins]
THE HOUND: Don’t worry, they’re still there.
[ARYA angrily turns back and looks at THE HOUND]
ARYA: I know they’re still there.
THE HOUND: You check every five minutes like you’re afraid they’re gonna move.
ARYA: I’m not afraid.
THE HOUND: Of course you are.  You’re almost there and you’re afraid you won’t make it.  The closer you get, the worse the fear gets.  No point in trying to hide behind that face.  I know fear when I see it.  Seen it a lot.
ARYA: I knew fear when I saw it in you.  You’re afraid of fire.
[THE HOUND pauses]
ARYA: When Beric’s sword went up in flames, you looked like a scared little girl.
[ARYA moves in closer to THE HOUND]
ARYA: And I know why, too.  I heard what your brother did to you.  Pressed your face to the fire like you’re a nice juicy mutton chop.
THE HOUND: That give you some ideas?
[ARYA turns her back to THE HOUND]
ARYA: Might do.
THE HOUND: Go ahead then.  You might get away.  Might even make it there on your own.  They’re just over the river.  The closest you’ve been to family since Ilyn Payne snipped your daddy’s neck.
[ARYA turns around and angrily stares at THE HOUND]
ARYA: Someday I’m gonna put a sword through your eye and out the back of your skull.
[THE HOUND stares back at ARYA as she walks away to get a closer look at the Twins as thunder rumbles in the sky]
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Scene changes back to BRAN and company inside of the windmill.  The storm has already begun]
BRAN: How are we going to get past the Wall?  My uncle said it’s 700 feet high.
[OSHA looks at Bran and he looks at her]
BRAN: How did you get past it?
OSHA: Got in a boat and rowed past the Bay of Seals.
BRAN: It would take us two months to get to the Bay of Seals.
OSHA: Some climb straight up the ice.
[BRAN looks at HODOR]
BRAN: Even Hodor’s not strong enough to climb the Wall with me on his back.
[HODOR visibly scared of the thunder]
HODOR: Hodor!
JOJEN: Nineteen castles guard the Wall.  Only three are still manned.
[HODOR still shaken from the thunder]
Hodor: Hodor!
JOJEN: One of those abandoned fortresses will give us a way through.
BRAN: My uncle said the gates were sealed with ice and stone when the castles were deserted.
[MEERA looks at Bran]
MEERA: Well, we’ll have to open them up again.
[MEERA gazes outside and sees the OLD MAN on horseback]
OLD MAN: [From outside] Whoa, whoa, whoa!
MEERA: There’s a rider out there.
JOJEN: Just one?
[Thunder rumbles]
MEERA: There’s more.
HODOR: Hodor!
[Horses neighing outside.  OSHA tries to quiet down HODOR]
OSHA: It’s just thunder, sweet giant.
HODOR: Hodor.
OLD MAN: [From outside]  I yield.  I yield.
JOJEN: Wildlings.
[OSHA starts turning her head then gazes outside]
OSHA: [To BRAN and RICKON]  Where’s Shaggydog and Summer?
BRAN: Hunting.
[Thunder rumbles]
HODOR: Hodor!
[HODOR stands up]
JOJEN: Shhh, quiet, Hodor.
HODOR: Hodor!
JOJEN: [To BRAN] Make him shut up.  If they hear us…
BRAN: [To Hodor] Hush, Hodor.  No, no more Hodoring.
[OSHA tries to hold HODOR back but he pushes her aside and starts yelling and moving around anxiously]
HODOR: Hodor!
[HODOR continues Hodoring]
BRAN: Hodor, calm down.
OSHA: You need to keep quiet.
JOJEN: They’re gonna hear us.
[HODOR continues Hodoring.  ORELL hears voices coming out of the windmill.  He stops and looks up]
BRAN: Hodor, be quiet.
[HODOR continues Hodoring]
BRAN: Hodor, calm down.  Hodor, be quiet!
[BRAN’S eyes roll back as he wargs into HODOR.  HODOR stops making noises as he falls to his knees and then falls asleep on the ground.  ORELL is still looking up at the windmill from the outside.  Inside of the windmill, everybody is in shock at what just happened]
MEERA: [To BRAN] What did you do?
Bran: Nothing.  I don’t know.
[The sound of a horse is heard from outside.  OSHA gets near the windmill opening]
RICKON: What’s That?
OSHA: That’s a horse dying.
[Scene shifts to the wildlings who are outside of the windmill with the OLD MAN.  ORELL is still looking up at the windmill]
WILDLING 1: Bring them over here.
WILDLING 2: That was the last of them.  The rest are dead.
ORELL: [To TORMUND] I heard shouting up there.
TORMUND: Thunder.
ORELL: I know the difference between shouting and thunder.
TORMUND: Maybe it's ghosts.
[ORELL’s eagle is seen circling over the windmill.  TORMUND approaches the OLD MAN who is sitting on the ground.  He pulls a knife out on TORMUND, YGRITTE gets her bow and arrow out and aims for the OLD MAN]
TORMUND: That won’t help you, grandpa.
[TORMUND sticks his hand out, asking for the knife.  The OLD MAN gives it to TORMUND, who tosses it aside]
TORMUND: Where you riding?
OLD MAN: Doesn’t matter now, does it?
TORMUND: No, it doesn’t matter now.
ORELL: Cut his throat or he’ll tell the crows we’re here.
[TORMUND unsheathes his sword]
TORMUND: You understand.
OLD MAN: Let me stand at least.
[BRAN and RICKON’S direwolves, Shaggydog and Summer, are seen hiding behind a cart, outside of the windmill]
OLD MAN: Let me go with a bit of dignity.
[TORMUND helps the OLD MAN get up.  He then gets in position for the kill]
Orell: [Looks at JON] Make the crow kill him. [Walks towards JON]  You’re one of us now.  Prove it.
[YGRITTE, TORMUND and the OLD MAN stare back at JON.  The scene changes to back inside of the windmill]
Jojen: [Looks at BRAN]  The wolves are out there.
BRAN: I can’t do it by choice.  I don’t know how.  It happens in my dreams.
JOJEN: You’re a warg, Bran.  It’s in your blood.
BRAN: I can’t.
JOJEN: You just did, with him.
[JOJEN looks at HODOR who is still resting]
JOJEN: A wolf is nothing compared to that.
[Scene switches back to outside of the windmill.  JON unsheathes Longclaw.  He places his sword against the OLD MAN’S neck]
OLD MAN: She looks sharp.
[JON nods his head.  The OLD MAN closes his eyes and starts praying, JON hesitates]
YGRITTE: [Looks at Jon]  Do it.  Do it.
[JON looks back at YGRITTE]
ORELL: Told ya.  He’s still one of them.
TORMUND: Go on, boy.
[JON glares back at TORMUND]
TORMUND: Go on!
[JON raises his sword but hesitates. YGRITTE shoots the OLD MAN in the chest with an arrow, killing him.  This prompts ORELL and TORMUND to reach for their swords]
ORELL: He’s a crow.  He’ll always be a crow.  And here’s his crow wife guarding him.  He’ll stab us in the back first chance he gets.
[JON and YGRITTE are standing side by side in defensive positions]
TORMUND: Kill him!
[YGRITTE prepares to shoot an arrow at either ORELL or TORMUND but JON pushes her to the ground first.  JON, ORELL and the other wildlings have a sword fight while TORMUND runs towards YGRITTE.  She starts yelling and screaming as TORMUND tries to restrain her]
Tormund: He’s one of them!
YGRITTE: No!
TORMUND: Do you hear me?
[YGRITTE bites TORMUND’S arm which causes him to lose his grip on her.  She starts running away but TORMUND grabs her and tackles her to the ground]
TORMUND: You’re not gonna die for one of them.
[Scene switches back to inside of the windmill.  Everybody is looking at BRAN]
JOJEN: Do it.  They’ll find us if you don’t.
[BRAN’S eyes roll back as he wargs into Summer.  Scene goes back outside to JON fighting the wildlings.  Suddenly, the direwolves start attacking the wildlings.  JON continues fighting ORELL until he impales him with Longclaw]
JON: You were right the whole time.
[JON twists his sword as ORELL wargs into his eagle right before dying.  The eagle attacks JON, biting and scratching his face.  JON tosses the eagle aside and makes a run for one of the OLD MAN’S horses.  He starts riding away as TORMUND and YGRITTE look on]
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[The scene changes to Yunkai.  DAARIO, JORAH and GREY WORM are outside of the back gate]
DAARIO: When you hear a songbird’s whistle, you come.  I’m a great whistler, the greatest in the land.
[DAARIO approaches the back gate, a guard yells at him in Valyrian]
DAARIO: Daario Naharis.
[The guard lets DAARIO in as JORAH and GREY WORM wait.  In the distance, DAARIO whistles.  JORAH and GREY WORM go through the back gate and into Yunkai.  They see two dead guards and DAARIO sitting down]
DAARIO: That one was quick.
[DAARIO wiping blood off his arakh, a Dothraki blade]
JORAH: There may be others.
DAARIO: I doubt it.  The Yunkish prefer to let their slaves do their fighting for them.
[Suddenly, they’re surrounded by Yunkai guards.  A brief fight ensues.  DAARIO throws a knife by JORAH’S head, killing a Yunkai guard who was behind him.  The trio defeat the first wave of guards]
JORAH: [Addressing DAARIO] That’s what you call a few guards?
[DAARIO smiles at JORAH as more Yunkish guards appear, surrounding the trio]
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[The scene changes to right outside of The Twins, where the Stark army are set up in tents and passing the time with some wrestling.  It then switches to inside of The Twins, at the wedding ceremony of EDMURE and WALDER’S daughter, ROSLIN FREY. WALDER walks the bride to the altar, her face is covered with a veil.  EDMURE is standing at the altar, looking worried, as ROBB and his family are looking on.  ROBB turns his head back towards WALDER and ROSLIN, while ROOSE BOLTON stares at ROBB.  As WALDER approaches, he trades glances with ROBB.  When WALDER and ROSLIN finally reach the altar, he removes her veil.  EDMURE'S fear of an ugly bride are put to rest when he finally sees how beautiful ROSLIN is.  ROSLIN gets down on her knees in front of EDMURE]
ROSLIN: Lord Edmure, I hope I’m not a disappointment to you.
[EDMURE helps ROSLIN up]
EDMURE: You’re a delight to me, my lady.
[ROSLIN smiles]
SEPTON: You may now cloak the bride and bring her under your protection.
[EDMURE removes his cloak as he goes behind ROSLIN to drape it over her shoulders.  ROSLIN and ROBB trade glances.  ROBB then looks at WALDER who gives him a strange look before grinning.  EDMURE finishes putting the cloak on ROSLIN, then looks at CATELYN who smiles at him.  He walks back to ROSLIN’S side and the SEPTON ties EDMURE and ROSLIN'S hands together]
SEPTON: In the sight of the Seven, I hereby seal these two souls, binding them as one for eternity.  Look upon each other and say the words.
[EDMURE and ROSLIN turn to each other]
EDMURE & ROSLIN: Father, Smith, Warrior, Mother, Maiden, Crone, Stranger.  I am hers (I am his) and she is mine (he is mine) from this day until the end of my days.
[BLACKFISH looks at the ugly Frey women who smile back at him.  He quickly turns around]
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Scene changes to inside of the windmill.  It’s nighttime.  OSHA lights a candle]
MEERA: Is that safe?
OSHA: They’re long gone.
BRAN: [Looks at JOJEN] You were right.  I can get inside Summer’s mind whenever I want.
JOJEN: Of course you can.  North of the Wall there are wildlings who can control all sorts of animals.  But you did a lot more than that.  You got inside Hodor’s mind.
[Shot of HODOR still resting]
BRAN: They can’t do that north of the Wall?
JOJEN: No one can do that.  Anywhere.
BRAN: [Looks at RICKON]  When I was looking through Summer’s eyes, I saw Jon.
RICKON: Where?
BRAN: He was with the wildlings.  They tried to kill him but he got away.
OSHA: He’ll be heading back to Castle Black then.  That’s where we should go.
BRAN: For all we know, Castle Black’s already under attack.  If this many wildlings got through-
OSHA: I already told you.  I’m not going north of the Wall.
BRAN: Everything Jojen told me is true.  You saw what I did to Hodor.  I have to find the three-eyed raven.
[OSHA grabs BRAN by the hand]
OSHA: Listen to me, little lord.
BRAN: Don’t worry, I’m not asking you to come with me.  It won’t be safe for Rickon.
RICKON: [Surprised] Me? I’m coming with you.
BRAN: No.  You and Osha and Shaggydog head for the Last Hearth.  The Umbers are our bannermen.  They’ll protect you.
RICKON: I’m coming with you.  I’m your brother.  I have to protect you.
BRAN: Right now, I have to protect you.
[RICKON'S eyes start tearing up]
BRAN: Robb’s at war and I’m going beyond the Wall.  If something happens to us, you’re the heir to Winterfell.
[RICKON shakes his head with tears in his eyes]
BRAN: [Looks at OSHA]  Will you know how to find the last Hearth?
OSHA: You Southerners build your big castles and you never move.  You’re easy to find.
[RICKON stands up and looks at OSHA]
RICKON: We’re not Southerners.
[RICKON turns around to look at BRAN]
RICKON: And I don’t want to leave you.
OSHA: Shhh.  [She grabs RICKON by the waist and sits him on her lap]  Come here, little soldier.  You and me, we’re gonna have some adventures.
[RICKON starts crying.  BRAN looks at OSHA]
Bran: You don’t have to do any of this.
[RICKON cries as OSHA strokes his hair]
OSHA: Your family took me in and was good to me when they had no cause to be.  [To RICKON] Shhh.  We’ll be fine, you and me.  The Umbers are great warriors.  Even I heard about them growing up.  They’ll teach you how to swing a sword.
RICKON: [Crying, looks at OSHA]  I know how to swing a sword.
[OSHA strokes RICKON’S hair and kisses him on the head.  She then gets up and helps RICKON up as well]
BRAN: You’re leaving now?  It’s the middle of the night.
OSHA: I learned to walk in darkness.
[OSHA kisses RICKON on the head again]
OSHA: Say your good-byes, little man.
[RICKON walks one step before dropping to his knees to give BRAN a tight hug.  The Reeds look at BRAN and RICKON and then switch their gaze to OSHA]
Osha: [Looks at the Reeds] Keep this one safe.  [MEERA gives a slight nod]  He means the world to me.
[Final shot of BRAN and RICKON hugging followed by a shot of OSHA and RICKON exiting the windmill, with Shaggydog leading the way]
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[Scene shifts to DAENERYS’ tent outside of the city of Yunkai.  It’s nighttime and there are Unsullied soldiers surrounding the tent.  The next shot is inside of the tent.  BARRISTAN is having a drink, MISSANDEI presents some food to DAENERYS who is sitting down.  She suddenly gets up and ignores the food, as she approaches BARRISTAN with impatience]
Daenerys: We’ve been waiting a long time. [BARRISTAN looks at her]  Haven’t we?  [BARRISTAN shrugs]  Well I don’t know, you tell me.  How long does it take to sack a city?
[BARRISTAN briefly ponders the question before JORAH, GREY WORM and several Unsullied guards arrive.  JORAH and GREY WORM are both tired and covered in blood]
JORAH: [Looks at DAENERYS]  It was just as you said.  They did not believe until it was too late.  Their slave soldiers threw down their spears and surrendered.
[DAENERYS likes the news but her face suddenly shows some worry]
DAENERYS: And Daario Naharis?
[JORAH’S face goes from a smile to a look of shock.  Suddenly, DAARIO emerges from behind the Unsullied guards, with a Yunkai flag draped over his shoulder and his face covered in blood.  He walks towards DAENERYS and drops to one knee.  He drapes the flag over his knee and looks up at DAENERYS]
DAARIO: The city is yours, my queen.
[DAENERYS starts to smile]
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[The scene shifts to the wedding celebration inside of The Twins.  A band is playing music on the balcony of the hall.  WALDER is seated on the high chair at the main table, underneath the balcony where the musicians are playing.  Seated to his left are ROSLIN and EDMURE.  Seated to his right is his wife, JOYEUSE FREY.  Stark men and Frey men and women are celebrating the marriage.  TALISA is seated at a table towards the front, near WALDER'S main table.  Next to her is LOTHAR FREY, one of WALDER'S many sons]
TALISA: [Looking at the band and talking to LOTHAR] They’re good, aren’t they?
LOTHAR: They ought to be because they cost enough.
[ROBB takes a drink and starts laughing.  Next shot is from across the hall, where ROOSE, BLACKFISH and CATELYN are seated, enjoying themselves]
BLACKFISH: Look at the crowd there.
[Seated next to BLACKFISH is WENDEL MANDERLY of House Manderly.  Next to him is BLACK WALDER FREY, another one of WALDER'S sons]
CATELYN: [Looking at EDMURE and talking to BLACKFISH] He complained about this marriage the entire ride from Riverrun and now look at him.
[Shot of EDMURE whispering in ROSLIN'S ear as she smiles]
BLACKFISH: The God’s love to reward a fool.
CATELYN: [Laughs] Uncle.
BLACKFISH: What? He’s my nephew, I love him.  And he’s a damned fool.
[CATELYN and BLACKFISH both laugh.  A servant tries to pour some wine into ROOSE'S cup but he covers it with his hand before she can pour anything.  CATELYN looks at ROOSE]
CATELYN: Don’t you drink, Lord Bolton?
ROOSE: Never do, my lady.  Dulls the senses.
BLACKFISH: That’s the point. [Still talking to ROOSE while the servant pours him more wine] Didn’t you marry one of these Frey girls?
ROOSE: Aye.  Lord Walder let me choose any of his granddaughters and promised me the girl’s weight in silver as a dowry.  So I have a fat, young bride.
[ROOSE smiles and BLACKFISH laughs.  CATELYN gives ROOSE a serious look]
CATELYN: I hope she makes you very happy.
ROOSE: Well, she’s made me very rich.
BLACKFISH: Pardon, my lord, my lady.  I need to find a tree to piss on.
[BLACKFISH gets up from his seat and begins exiting the hall, as ROBB and TALISA look on]
ROBB: My mother’s alone with Roose Bolton.  I should rescue her.
TALISA: Your mother is less in need of rescue than any woman I’ve ever met.
ROBB: Be kind.  She’s finally starting to like you.
TALISA: And I like her.  But if she had her way, I would be back in Volantis, playing my harp and you would be sitting over there [Looks at EDMURE and ROSLIN], eating blackberries out of Roslin Frey’s hand.
ROBB: Perhaps I’ve made a terrible mistake.
[TALISA gasps and tries to strike ROBB but he catches her hand]
ROBB: Striking your king is an act of treason.
[ROBB and TALISA look at each other before ROBB tries to kiss her.  TALISA stops him]
TALISA: No, don’t.  Don’t insult them.
WALDER: [Addressing ROBB loudly so everybody can hear] Your Grace.
[Everybody starts knocking on the tables.  WALDER signals for the music and knocking to stop]
WALDER: The Septon has prayed his prayers, some words were said and Lord Edmure has wrapped my daughter in a cloak.  But they are not yet man and wife.  A sword needs a sheath [Everybody laughs]. And a wedding needs a bedding [Everybody cheers].  What does my sire say?
EVERYBODY: [Knocking on the tables, chanting] To bed! To bed! To bed!
ROBB: [Gets up from his seat and addresses WALDER] If you think the time is right, Lord Walder, by all means, let us bed them.
[Everybody cheers, the band starts playing celebratory music again.  EDMURE smiles, ROSLIN looks concerned.  Men start getting up from their seats and approach the main table]
EVERYBODY: [Chanting] To bed! To bed! To bed!
[The men pick up ROSLIN and carry her out of the hall.  The women grab EDMURE and start bringing him out as well. TALISA looks worried when she sees ROSLIN being carried away.  Everybody is cheering on.  The men start removing some of ROSLIN'S clothes while the women start doing the same to EDMURE]
EDMURE: Ho-ho!  Careful now, ladies.  Once you set that monster free, there’s no caging him again [Laughs].
[ROBB looks on smiling and clapping.  TALISA looks at ROBB with a worried look]
EVERYBODY: [Chanting] To bed! To bed! To bed!
[ROOSE and CATELYN look at ROSLIN and EDMURE being carried out of the hall]
CATELYN: Poor girl.
ROOSE: Every bride suffers the same.  I’m sure you endured yours with grace.
CATELYN: Oh, Ned forbade it.  He said it wouldn’t be right if he broke a man’s jaw on our wedding night.
[ROOSE looks at CATELYN and chuckles before walking away]
[ROBB and TALISA watch as the bedding procession is almost finished]
TALISA: That is a very strange custom.
ROBB: I suppose it does seem strange from a foreigner’s perspective.
TALISA: It seems normal to you?
ROBB: It’s tradition. [TALISA stares at ROBB]  Without the bedding ceremony, there’s no real proof the lord and lady consummated their marriage.
[TALISA puts her hand on ROBB'S shoulder, runs it down his arm, before grabbing his hand and placing it on her stomach]
TALISA: No, but there are other ways of providing proof.
ROBB: Boy or girl?
TALISA: I don’t know.  But if it’s a boy, I know what we should name him.
ROBB: Oh, do you?   It seems to me the father should have some say in his son’s naming.
TALISA: Eddard. [Catches ROBB by surprise] Don’t you want to teach little Ned Stark how to ride horses?
ROBB: I do.
[ROBB and TALISA kiss.  CATELYN looks on and smiles as BLACK WALDER walks towards the door of the hall to close it.  He walks back and the band starts playing the Lannister song, “The Rains of Castamere.”  The band’s expression is very serious and the song isn’t as cheerful as their previous songs.  CATELYN looks up at the band with a worried expression.  Scene changes to outside of The Twins, Grey Wind is locked up in a kennel, whimpering, sensing something is wrong as Frey soldiers are on the move.  The scene then changes again to the main gate of The Twins, where the tents are set up and men are still celebrating. THE HOUND and ARYA approach the gate, riding the pig farmer’s cart]
THE HOUND: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
[Three Frey guards stop THE HOUND and ARYA from entering The Twins]
FREY GUARD: Where are you going?
THE HOUND: Got salt pork for the feast.
FREY GUARD: The feast is over.
THE HOUND: It doesn’t sound like it’s over.
[ARYA watches as Frey soldiers run into the Twins]
FREY GUARD: If I tell you it’s over, it’s over.  [Angrily] Turn this cart around and get the hell out of here.
THE HOUND: Got pig’s feet, too [ARYA looks up].
FREY GUARD: [Infuriated] Are you soft in the head?  Turn this cart around!
[THE HOUND gives up.  As he looks back, he notices that ARYA is not in the cart.  The scene then switches back to the hall inside of The Twins.  WALDER signals for everybody to be quiet.  He addresses ROBB]
WALDER: Your Grace.
[WALDER stands up with a cup in his hand.  Everybody takes a seat except ROBB.  ROOSE returns to the hall and sits next to CATELYN]
WALDER: I feel I’ve been remiss in my duties.
[CATELYN looks scared.  ROOSE slowly turns his head to look at CATELYN.  He's smiling as he looks down at his arm, inviting CATELYN to take a look]
WALDER: I’ve given you meat and wine and music but I haven’t shown you the hospitality you deserve.  My king has married and I owe my new queen a wedding gift.
[CATELYN pulls back ROOSE'S sleeve, she sees that he’s wearing chainmail.  She starts gasping as ROOSE stares at her.  She suddenly gets up from her seat and slaps ROOSE across the face, prompting him to run to the other side of the hall]
CATELYN: Robb!
[LOTHAR pulls a knife out of his sleeve and repeatedly stabs TALISA in the stomach from behind.  She starts screaming as ROBB looks on in horror.  As ROBB starts to approach her, the band now have crossbows and they shoot arrows at Robb, hitting him.  The rest of the Frey men in the hall start slaughtering the Stark men.  ROBB is repeatedly shot with arrows and falls to the ground.  TALISA falls to the ground in agony.  CATELYN in shock over ROBB, gets hit in the shoulder by an arrow, making her fall down.  As the massacre continues, WALDER smiles and sips from his cup.  The scene then switches to ARYA sneaking into The Twins.  She hides behind a barrel and watches some Stark men eating with Frey men in front of the kennel that Grey Wind is in]
MAN 1: [Laughing] You ready to head home to Winterfell, eh? [Men laughing]
[ARYA grins]
MAN 2: Feast over yet, is it?
FREY MAN: Aye, it’s over! [Slit’s the throat of a Stark soldier]
[The Frey men kill the Stark men.  They flip over the table and march off as ARYA hides in the shadows of the barrels.  ARYA can hear Grey Wind whimpering as he tries to break out of the locked kennel.  She goes behind the flipped over table and sees Grey Wind jumping up and down.  Suddenly, Frey men appear with crossbows.  Grey Wind growls at them before they shoot him to death.  ARYA is horrified.  She watches as Grey Wind takes his last breath and dies.  She then notices more Frey men emerging from a doorway.  She starts walking towards the doorway until THE HOUND puts his hand on her shoulder and turns her around]
THE HOUND: It’s too late.
[THE HOUND hits ARYA on the back of the head, knocking her out.  He carries her over his shoulder and starts exiting The Twins.  The scene then changes to CATELYN crawling underneath the table at the hall with the arrow still lodged in her shoulder.  She notices JOYEUSE hiding underneath the main table.  ROBB gazes at TALISA laying on the ground with her hand on her bloodied stomach.  He starts crawling towards her.  WALDER notices and signals for everybody to stop]
WALDER: The King in the North arises, heh heh.
[ROBB places one hand on TALISA'S stomach and lifts her head up with his other hand.  She has already died.  CATELYN grabs a dagger and emerges from under the table.  She grabs JOYEUSE by the hair and drags her out from under the main table.  CATELYN presses the dagger against JOYEUSE'S throat as WALDER looks on.  The archers fix their sights on CATELYN]
CATELYN: Lord Walder!  Lord Walder, enough!  Let it end!  Please!  He is my son! [ROBB is still cradling TALISA on the floor]  My first son!  Let him go and I swear that we will forget this!  I swear it by the Old Gods and New!  We will take no vengeance.
WALDER: [Angrily] You already swore me one oath right here in my castle.  You swore by all the Gods, your son would marry my daughter!
[ROBB lays TALISA'S head on the ground]
CATELYN: Take me for a hostage but let Robb go!  Robb, get up! Get up and walk out!  Please!  Please!
WALDER: And why I would let him do that?
[CATELYN straightens up and presses the dagger harder against JOYEUSE'S neck]
CATELYN: On my honor as a Tully, on my honor as a Stark, let him go or I will cut your wife’s throat!
[ROBB starts to stand up]
WALDER: I’ll find another.
[ROBB turns to CATELYN]
ROBB: Mother.
[CATELYN turns to ROBB with tears in her eyes as ROOSE suddenly reappears in front of ROBB.  He faces ROBB and grabs him by the shoulder]
ROOSE: The Lannisters send their regards.
[ROOSE thrusts a dagger into ROBB'S heart. While still staring at CATELYN, ROBB dies and collapses to the floor next to TALISA.  CATELYN wails loudly while WALDER takes a sip from his cup.  She slits JOYEUSE'S throat with the dagger, killing her.  JOYEUSE falls to the ground with blood spraying from her neck and CATELYN drops the dagger.  She looks on hopelessly, in a dreary daze.  After a long pause, BLACK WALDER finally emerges behind CATELYN and slits her throat, killing her.  She falls to the floor with blood spraying from her neck]
[Cut To Black]
[End Credits.  No music]
EXT: The Twins, Night
ROOSE BOLTON climbs the stairs to the top of the Twins. The sounds of the battle below draw him to the edge.  The Stark camp is engulfed in flames as the battle rages on.
CUT TO: The Stark encampment
The battle outside the castle walls is fierce. Stark bannermen and  Frey forces battle for their lives. Swords clash, and some men are set aflame. One man is strung up by his neck into the trees.
MAN: It's too late.
Man #2: Yah! Yah!
The HOUND rides out from the castle, ARYA slumped in front of him. He surveys the battle and picks up a Stark banner as he rides by. He urges his mount forward and they trot into the flames.
MAN: Go, move out!
The HOUND pauses amidst the blinding smoke and flames. His horse whinnies nerviously. The chants of the Frey men grow louder.
FREY MEN: The King in the North! The King in the North! he King in the North! The King in the North!
Frey men march out of the castle. Mounted behind them, ROBB STARK's headless body has been turned into a grotesque effigy. It is tied roughly onto a post. Grey Wind's head has been mounted to the corpse's shoulders.
FREY MEN: The King in the North! The King in the North!
FREY MAN: Here comes the King in the North! Here comes the King in the North!
ARYA rouses in front of the HOUND. She watches in horror as the Frey men lead the awkward effigy into the yard.
FREY MEN: The King in the North! The King in the North!
FREY MAN: Here comes
ARYA is dejected and the HOUND has fear in his eyes. He spurs the horse forward, and they ride away through the fire and battle. A Stark banner succumbs to the flames.
EXT: King's Landing Garden
SANSA and TYRION stroll side-by-side through the gardens on a beautiful day. SHAE follows, a few paces back. ELDRICK and DESMOND pass, snickering at them
TYRION:  Hmm. Ser Eldrick Sarsfield and Lord Desmond Crakehall. Ser Eldrick Sarsfield and Lord Desmond Crakehall.
SANSA: What are you doing?
TYRION: I have a list.
SANSA: A list of people you mean to kill?
TYRION: For laughing at me? Do I look like Joffrey to you? No, death seems a bit extreme. Fear of death, on the other hand--
SANSA: You should learn to ignore them.
TYRION: My lady, people have been laughing at me far longer than they've been laughing at you. I'm the Halfman, the Demon Monkey, the Imp.
SANSA: You're a Lannister. I am the disgraced daughter of the traitor Ned Stark.
TYRION: The disgraced daughter and the Demon Monkey. We're perfect for each other.
SANSA: (laughs)
TYRION realizes that SHAE overheard that comment. He looks back, embarrassed, and she returns his look, cooly.
SANSA: So how should we punish them?
TYRION: Who? Whom?
SANSA: Ser Eldrick Sarsfield and Lord Desmond Crakehall.
TYRION: Ah. I could speak to Lord Varys and learn their perversions. Anyone named Desmond Crakehall must be a pervert.
SANSA: I hear that you're a pervert.
TYRION: I am the Imp. I have certain standards to maintain.
SANSA: (chuckles) We could sheep shift Lord Desmond's bed. You cut a little hole in his mattress and you stuff sheep dung inside. Then you sew up the hole and make his bed again. His room will stink, but he won't know where it's coming from.
TYRION: Lady Sansa!
SANSA: My sister used to do that when she was angry with me. And she was always angry with me.
TYRION: Why sheep shift?
SANSA: That's the vulgar word for dung.
TYRION: My lady--
SANSA: Well, you asked me.
PODRICK runs down the steps of the garden, looking for TYRION.
GIRL: Oh! That's him!
PODRICK: My lord, my lady. Your father has called a meeting of the small council.
INT: The Hand's Chamber  TYRION enters. TYWIN, CERSEI, VARYS and PYCELLE are already seated. JOFFREY walks behind his grandfather, excited and grinning.
TYRION: Killed a few puppies today?
JOFFREY: Show him. Come on, show him.
Hand shaking, PYCELLE offers a scroll to TYRION. He drops it before TYRION can grab it.
PYCELLE: Oh, apologies, my lord. Old fingers.
Annoyed, TYRION reaches to the floor and snatches the scroll. He reads it. JOFFREY is manic with energy.
TYRION: 'Roslin caught a fine fat trout. Her brothers gave her a pair of wolf pelts for her wedding. Signed Walder Frey.' Is that bad poetry or is it supposed to mean something?
JOFFREY: Robb Stark is dead. And his bitch mother. (to Pycelle) Write back to Lord Frey. Thank him for his service and command him to send Robb Stark's head. I'm going to serve it to Sansa at my wedding feast.
VARYS: Your Grace, Lady Sansa is your aunt by marriage.
CERSEI: A joke. Joffrey did not mean it.
JOFFREY: Yes, I did. I'm going to have it served to Sansa at my wedding feast.
TYRION: No. She is no longer yours to torment.
JOFFREY: Everyone is mine to torment. You'd do well to remember that, you little monster.
TYRION: Oh, I'm a monster. Perhaps you should speak to me more softly, then. Monsters are dangerous and just now kings are dying like flies.
The room goes silent. JOFFREY is aghast at the slight.
JOFFREY: I could have your tongue out for saying that.
CERSEI takes JOFFREY's hand to calm him.
CERSEI: Let him make his threats. Hmm? He's a bitter little man.
PYCELLE: Lord Tyrion should apologize immediately. Unacceptable, disrespectful, and in very bad taste.
JOFFREY pulls his hand free from his mother's caress.
JOFFREY: I am the king! I will punish you.
TYWIN: Any man who must say, 'I am the king' is no true king. I'll make sure you understand that when I've won your war for you.
JOFFREY: My father won the real war. He killed Prince Rhaegar. He took the crown while you hid under Casterly Rock!
Once again, the room goes silent as the depth of the insult sinks in.
TYWIN: The king is tired. See him to his chambers.
CERSEI stands and tries to lead JOFFREY away.
CERSEI: Come along.
JOFFREY: I'm not tired.
CERSEI: We have so much to celebrate. A wedding to plan. You must rest.
CERSEI pulls JOFFREY towards the door.
TYWIN: Grand Maester, perhaps some essence of nightshade to help him sleep.
JOFFREY: I'm not tired!
CERSEI: Come.
CERSEI and JOFFREY exit. PYCELLE stands, takes the scroll from the table, and shuffles out. Next, VARYS rises smoothly to depart. TYRION cautiously swivels to leave as well.
TYWIN: Not you.
TYRION measures the situation as VARYS exits.
TYRION: You just sent the most powerful man in Westeros to bed without his supper.
TYWIN: You're a fool if you believe he's the most powerful man in Westeros.
TYRION: A treasonous statement. Joffrey is king.
TYWIN: You really think a crown gives you power?
TYRION sits back down at the table.
TYRION: No. I think armies give you power.
TYWIN: Mm-hmm.
TYRION: Robb Stark had one, never lost a battle, and you defeated him all the same.
TYWIN: Mm-hmm.
TYRION: Oh, I know. Walder Frey gets all the credit. Or the blame, I suppose, depending on your allegiance. Walder Frey is many things, but a brave man? No. He never would have risked such an action if he didn't have certain assurances.
TYWIN: Which he got from me. Do you disapprove?
TYRION: I'm all for cheating. This is war.
TYWIN: But to slaughter them at a wedding. Explain to me why it is more noble to kill 10,000 men in battle than a dozen at dinner.
TYRION: So that's why you did it? To save lives?
TYWIN: To end the war. To protect the family. Do you want to write a song for the dead Starks? Go ahead, write one. I'm in this world a little while longer to defend the Lannisters, to defend my blood.
TYRION: The northerners will never forget.
TYWIN: Good. Let them remember what happens when they march on the south. All the Stark men are dead. Winterfell is a ruin. Roose Bolton will be named Warden of the North until your son by Sansa comes of age.
TYWIN gathers his paper and stands.
TYWIN: I believe you still have some work to do on that score.
TYRION: Do you think she'll open her legs for me after I tell her how we murdered her mother and brother?
TYWIN places the papers on his desk, as TYRION approaches.
TYWIN: One way or another, you will get that girl pregnant.
TYRION: I will not rape her.
TYWIN: Shall I explain to you in one easy lesson how the world works?
TYRION: Use small words. I'm not as bright as you.
TYWIN: The house that puts family first will always defeat the house that puts the whims and wishes of its sons and daughters first. A good man does everything in his power to better his family's position regardless of his own selfish desires.
TYRION: (smirks)
TYWIN: Does that amuse you?
TYRION: No, it's a very good lesson. Only it's easy for you to preach utter devotion to family when you're making all the decisions.
TYWIN: Easy for me, is it?
TYRION: When have you ever done something that wasn't in your interest but solely for the benefit of the family?
TYWIN: The day that you were born. I wanted to carry you into the sea and let the waves wash you away. Instead, I let you live. And I brought you as my son. Because you're a Lannister.
TYWIN walks away.
INT: TYRION's chambers
TYRION enters to find SANSA staring out the window.
TYRION: Sansa.
SANSA turns to him. Her face is wet and swollen from crying. She looks at TYRION with disdain. She turns back to the window, and TYRION lets her be.
EXT: The North
MEERA jogs across the rough landscape, bow in her hand and Summer at her side. She reaches JOJEN, BRAN and HODOR.
MEERA: It's empty.
JOJEN: Let's find a place to sleep.
They walk together.
INT: The abandonded Nightfort, a bit later.
A fire crackles behind HODOR as he looks down into a well. He plays with his echo.
HODOR: Hodor. Hodor.
BRAN: Don't, Hodor.
HODOR stops and joins the others. MEERA whittles while JOJEN cooks at the fire. BRAN sits pensively, his hand exploring the rough wooden table at his side.
BRAN: Maybe we shouldn't stay.
MEERA: You'd rather be out there?
BRAN: There are a lot of stories about this place. Horrible stories.
JOJEN: I always quite liked the horrible stories.
BRAN: So did I. Once.
JOJEN moves to sit with the others.
BRAN: You ever heard about the Rat Cook?
MEERA: No. Who's he?
BRAN: Just a cook in the Night's Watch. He was angry at the king for something, I don't remember. When the king was visiting the Nightfort, the cook killed the king's son, cooked him into a big pie with onions, carrots, mushrooms and bacon. That night he served the pie to the king. He liked the taste of his son so much, he asked for a second slice. The gods turned the cook into a giant white rat who could only eat his own young. He's been roaming the Nightfort ever since, devouring his own babies. But no matter what he does, he's always hungry.
MEERA: If the gods turned every killer into a giant white rat--
BRAN: It wasn't for murder the gods cursed the Rat Cook or for serving the king's son in a pie. He killed a guest beneath his roof. That's something the gods can't forgive.
INT: The Twins, dining hall.
WALDER eats noisily in the large, empty dining hall. ROOSE BOLTON sands nearby. Servants scrub blood from the floor.
WALDER: 'The late Walder Frey,' old Hoster called me because I didn't get my men to the Trident in time for battle. He thought he was witty. Look at us now, Tully. You're dead, your daughter-Catelyn's dead, your grandson's dead, your son spent his wedding night in a dungeon and I'm Lord of Riverrun. (laughs)
ROOSE BOLTON: The Blackfish escaped.
WALDER: An old man on the run with no allies. I have Tywin Lannister backing me. Who does he have?
ROOSE BOLTON: As you say.
WALDER: They all laughed at me, all those high lords. They all thought they were better than me. Ned Stark, Hoster Tully. People snigger when I marry a young girl, but who said a word when Jon Arryn married the little Tully bitch?
ROOSE BOLTON: You'll be needing a new young girl.
WALDER: Yeah. Got that to look forward to.
ROOSE BOLTON: (grunts)
WALDER: And you, the Warden of the North. No more Starks to bow and scrape to. Must have been torture following that stupid boy all over the country.
ROOSE BOLTON: He ignored my advice at every turn. If he'd been a trifle less arrogant--
WALDER: Calling himself the Young Wolf. How's that for pomposity?
ROOSE BOLTON: (nods)
WALDER: Well, here's to the Young Wolf! (howls)
ROOSE BOLTON: Forever young.
They both laugh.
WALDER: Will you move to Winterfell now that the war's over?
ROOSE BOLTON: At some point perhaps. But Winterfell's in ruins.
WALDER: Yeah. What happened up there? I heard the Greyjoy boy seized the place. I heard he killed all the ravens. And after that, nothing.
ROOSE BOLTON: I sent my bastard Ramsay to root him out.  Robb Stark offered amnesty for the ironborn if they gave us Theon.
WALDER: Oh. And?
INT: A Dungeon, somewhere.
RAMSAY sits, merrily eating a sausage. THEON is strapped once again to the X-shaped cross.
RAMSAY: Well, the girls weren't lying. You had a good-sized cock.
THEON looks up accusingly at RAMSAY, who mugs a reaction of shock.
RAMSAY: What? No. Pork sausage. You think I'm some sort of savage?
THEON sulks.
RAMSAY: People talk about phantom limbs. An amputee might have an itch where his foot used to be. So I've always wondered do eunuchs have a phantom cock?
He holds up a pork sausage as a visual aid.
RAMSAY: Next time you think about naked girls, would you feel an itch?
RAMSAY shakes the sausage. THEON winces and whimpers. He begins to weep. RAMSAY takes a bite.
RAMSAY: Sorry. I shouldn't make jokes. My mother taught me not to throw stones at cripples.
THEON: (cries)
RAMSAY: But my father taught me to aim for their head.
THEON: Kill me.
RAMSAY: Sorry, what?
THEON: Kill me.
RAMSAY: A little louder.
THEON: Kill me!
THEON begins to sob.
RAMSAY: You're no good to me dead. We need you.
RAMSAY rises from the table. He walks to THEON grabs THEON's hair and pulls his head back.
RAMSAY: You don't look like a Theon Greyjoy anymore. That's a name for a lord. But you're not a lord, are you? You're just meat.
THEON: (groans)
RAMSAY: Stinking meat.
RAMSAY sniffs THEON.
RAMSAY: You reek. Reek! That's a good name for you. What's your name?
THEON: Theon Greyjoy.
RAMSAY gives THEON a powerful slap.
RAMSAY: What's your name?
RAMSAY punches THEON harder.
THEON: Please.
RAMSAY grabs THEON's neck with both hands and throttles him.
RAMSAY: What is your name?!
THEON: Reek. My name is Reek.
Satisfied and victorious, RAMSAY releases THEON and walks away. THEON weeps again.
INT: The North, the abandoned Nightfort, night
The wind howls outside. A distant gasp startles BRAN awake.  Summer paces as the gasping continues.
BRAN: Hodor.
HODOR wakes. MEERA draws her knife reflexively as she jumps to consciousness. The gasps continue. Summer growls. Footsteps approach. A figure rises from the well, clanging and groaning. The huge figure enters through the trap door, which clangs shut behind him. MEERA yells and jumps the figure, pinning him to the ground, knife at his throat. It is SAM.
SAM: Don't kill me!
MEERA: Who are you?
GILLY enters, frantic, holding her BABY.
GILLY: Sam! Sam!
MEERA: Who are you?!
GILLY: Gilly. Don't hurt us.
MEERA releases SAM and he gets up from the floor.
JOJEN: Where are you going?
SAM: To Castle Black. I'm a brother of the Night's Watch.
BRAN: My brother, he's in the Night's--
JOJEN: Shush.
SAM: Who's your brother?
JOJEN: Doesn't matter.
Summer growls. SAM realizes that BRAN has a direwolf.
SAM: You're Jon's brother. The one who fell from the window.
BRAN: No, I'm not.
SAM: I've been around Ghost enough to know a direwolf when I see one. And I've heard all about Hodor.
HODOR: Hodor.
SAM: I'd be dead if it wasn't for Jon. If you're his brother, you're my brother, too. And anything I can do to help you, I will.
BRAN: Take us north of the Wall.
MEERA sheaths her knife and goes to inspect the well.
SAM: What? Why in the world would you want to go--
BRAN: I don't want to. I have to.
JOJEN: How did you get through the Wall?
MEERA: Does the well lead to an underground river? Is that how you came here?
SAM: Come with us. There are steps carved into the south side of the Wall. Hodor can carry you to the top. We'll walk straight to Castle Black.
GILLY: Come with us. There's nothing north but death.
SAM: If Jon is alive, then Castle Black's where he'll be. It's the safest place for you.
JOJEN: There's nowhere safe any longer. You know that.
SAM: What I know is what I saw. And if you saw it, too, you'd run the other way.
JOJEN: You saw the white walkers and the army of the dead.
SAM: How do you know all that?
JOJEN: The Night's Watch can't stop them. The kings of Westeros and all their armies can't stop them.
Everyone is silent. Birds call in the distance. The BABY fusses.
SAM: But you're going to stop them?
BRAN: Please, Sam. I have to go north. I have to.
EXT: The Iron Islands, day
A lone rider gallops towards the Pyke.
INT: The Pyke
BALON sits at a cluttered table. YARA stands nearby. BALON opens a leather tube to reveal a scroll. He draws out the scroll, and recognizes the wax seal of the Flayed Man. He breaks the seal and unrolls the scroll.
BALON: 'Balon Greyjoy, Lord of the Iron Islands and invader of the North. I give you until the full moon to order all ironborn scum out of the North and back to those shit-stained rocks you call a home.
YARA carefully unwraps the burlap and twine from around a package. Inside is a small chest. She frees the clasp.
BALON stands as YARA opens the box. She is stonefaced. BALON joins her, and offers a similarly sober reaction.  He returns to reading the scroll.
BALON: 'Leave the North now or more boxes will follow with more Theon. Signed Ramsay Snow, natural-born son of Roose Bolton, Lord of the Dreadfort and Warden of the North.' Get that out of my sight.
Yara looks at Balon.
BALON: Theon disobeyed my orders.
Yara gives Balon a challenging look.
BALON: The boy is a fool. He cannot further the Greyjoy line. I will not give up the lands I have seized, the strongholds I have taken. Get this away from me.
YARA: He's your son.
BALON: Son? He's not a man anymore.
YARA: He's your son. He's my brother. He's a Greyjoy.
BALON: Watch yourself. I've made my decision.
BALON sits by the fire.
YARA: And I've made mine. I'm going to pick the fastest ship in our fleet.
CUT TO: YARA aboard an ironborn ship. The crew stands at attention as she walks past
YARA: (voiceover)  I'm going to choose the 50 best killers on the Iron Islands.
MAN: Get those ropes!
The crew prepares the ship for travel. The Pyke stands in the distance. YARA is in command.
YARA: (voiceover) I'm going to sail up the Narrow Sea all the way to the Weeping Water. I'm going to march on the Dreadfort. I'm going to find my little brother and I'm going to bring him home.
INT: The North, the secret tunnel between the Nightfort and North of the Wall.
BRAN inspects the dragonglass knife.
BRAN: What is it?
JOJEN: Dragonglass.
SAM: We found them at the Fist. Someone buried them a long time ago. Someone wanted us to find them.
Jojen takes a dragonglass knife from SAM, and inspects it.
BRAN: Why? What are they for?
SAM and GILLY exchange a long look.
SAM: Killing white walkers.
MEERA: How do you know that?
GILLY: The walker came for my Baby. And Sam--
MEERA:  But no one's killed a white walker in thousands of years.
SAM: Well, I suppose someone had to be the first.
SAM offers a dragonglass knife to HODOR, who refuses it. BRAN takes it and hands it him.
BRAN: Take it, Hodor.
HODOR looks at the remarkable knife. SAM hands dragonglass arrowheads to MEERA.
SAM: And the archer. I got lucky with one of them. There are more. Many more. And for every one of them, the dead men, more than you could count. I wish you'd come with us.
BRAN: I wish I could. I really do.
BRAN, HODOR, MEERA and JOJEN walk to the northern exit of the tunnel. SAM and GILLY watch them go.
INT: Dragonstone Dungeon
DAVOS approaches GENDRY's cell. GENDRY sits with his back to the bars.
DAVOS: How are you keeping?
GENDRY: Great. Never better.
DAVOS: It was just a bit of blood.
GENDRY: I should have known. Every time a highborn asks my name, it's trouble. We're not really people to you, are we? Just a million different ways to get what you want.
DAVOS: I'm not a highborn.
GENDRY: She called you Ser. I heard it.
DAVOS sits down, mirroring GENDRY on the other side of the bars.
DAVOS: A recent state of affairs. I was born in Flea Bottom just like you.
GENDRY: Sure, you were. You're my friend. You're here to help.
DAVOS: I lived below the Street of Flour.
GENDRY: How far below? How close to the Red Keep were you?
DAVOS: The shit that poured from their privy pipes flowed down the side of Aegon's Hill along Tanner's Row and right in front of my front door on Gin Alley.
GENDRY: Gin Alley.
DAVOS: The Street of Steel, with your armor and your knights? Pfft. You lived in the fancy part of town. And here we are now. Two boys from Flea Bottom in the castle of a king.
GENDRY: Yeah, we've come a long way. We're all the same, really. She went to great pains to point that out to me.
DAVOS: If you mistrust fancy people so much, why were you in such a hurry to trust her?
DAVOS: She does know her way around a man's head, I'll give her that.
They  both chuckle.
GENDRY: So how'd you become a lord?
DAVOS: Oh, that's a long story.
GENDRY: Better not, then. I'm a bit busy.
DAVOS: Many years ago I helped King Stannis out of a difficult situation. He rewarded me with a lordship. And this.
DAVOS shows GENDRY is half-fingers.
GENDRY: You see? Highborns.
DAVOS: I didn't want to be a lord. I nearly didn't accept.
GENDRY: Why did you?
DAVOS: I did it for my son. I didn't want him to step over a river of shit every time he stepped through his front door. I wanted him to have a better life.
GENDRY: Does he?
DAVOS: He's dead.
DAVOS stands up.
GENDRY: How'd he die?
DAVOS: Following me.
DAVOS exits.
EXT: King's Landing, seaside garden
SHAE stares out at the ships in the harbor. VARYS approaches behind her.
VARYS: When did you come to this strange country?
SHAE: When I was 13.
VARYS: You were only a child.
SHAE: I stopped being a child when I was nine. My mother made sure of that.
VARYS: You've been a good influence on our mutual friend, you know. He used to drink from sundown to sunup, visit three brothels a night, gamble away his father's money. Now it's just the drinking.
SHAE: And now I'm his wife's servant. I brush her hair and clip her nails and empty her chamber pot.
VARYS: She is a sweet young thing. None of this is her fault.
SHAE: I love that girl. I would kill for her. Do you think that makes it easier for me?
VARYS: No, I expect not.
SHAE: She's young and she's beautiful and highborn.
VARYS: We break bread with them, but that doesn't make us family. We've learned their language, but we'll never be their countrymen. If you let yourself believe that a foreign girl with no name could spend her life with the son of Tywin Lannister--
SHAE: I have a name.
VARYS: You have one name. As do I. Here only the family name matters.
SHAE: What do you want from me, Lord Varys?
Varys hands Shae a small bag of diamonds.
VARYS: Diamonds. I'd tell you to beware carrying so much wealth, but you know how to protect yourself. Get on one of those ships. Sail to Pentos or Lys or Myr. You can buy a house with these diamonds, a very large house. Hire servants. Start a new life, a good life, far from here. The mysterious foreign beauty. You'll have suitors lining up.
SHAE: Why do you want me to leave?
VARYS moves to leave
SHAE: Lord Varys.
SHAE tosses the bag of diamonds at VARYS's feet.
SHAE: If he wants me to leave, he can tell me himself.
SHAE exits.
INT: TYRION's chambers, evening
TYRION and PODRICK sit drinking at his table.
TYRION: Keep up.
PODRICK: I don't think I can, my lord.
TYRION pours more wine for each of them.
TYRION: It's not easy being drunk all the time. Everyone would do it if it were easy.
CERSEI enters from the garden.
CERSEI: Leave.
PODRICK stands and exits.
CERSEI: So, enjoying married life? An unhappy wife is a wine merchant's best friend.
CERSEI pours herself some wine.
TYRION: She doesn't deserve this.
CERSEI: Deserve? Be careful with that. Start trying to work out who deserves what and before long you'll spend the rest of your days weeping for each and every person in the world.
TYRION: There's nothing worse than a late-blooming philosopher.
CERSEI: (chuckles)
TYRION: Will you be facing your marriage to Ser Loras with the same philosophical spirit?
CERSEI: I won't be marrying Ser Loras.
TYRION: I seem to remember saying something similar about my own marriage.
CERSEI: You're not me. You want to make things better for Sansa? Give her a child.
TYRION: So you can tell Father it was you who finally talked me into it?
CERSEI: So she can have some happiness in her life.
TYRION: You have children. How happy would you say you are?
CERSEI: Not very. But if it weren't for my children, I'd have thrown myself from the highest window in the Red Keep. They're the reason I'm alive.
TYRION: Even Joffrey?
CERSEI sits.
TYRION: How long does it go on?
CERSEI: Until we've dealt with all our enemies.
TYRION: Every time we deal with an enemy, we create two more.
CERSEI: Then I suppose it will go on for quite a long time.
EXT: Riverlands woods
The HOUND and ARYA ride past four laughing Frey soldiers.
FREY SOLDIER: I'm telling you, that's what she did. Sounded like a cow in heat.
FREY SOLDIER #2: Aye, not for long.
FREY SOLDIER #3: That's right. Black Walder shut her up right quick. None of the Starks had much to say about the end of that meal.
FREY SOLDIER: I'll tell you what, though. The hardest thing was getting that wolf's head to stay on the body.
ARYA slides off the horse and lands on her feet.
FREY SOLDIER #2: You sewed it on?
FREY SOLDIER: I did.
FREY SOLDIER #2: I bet there were 1,000 men claiming they were the one.
FREY SOLDIER: It was me. And Malcolm and Talbott. Well, the thing was so heavy, it fell off the first time. Took the skin right with it. What we ended up having to do was hook the needle right under the collarbone. Give it a nice firm mooring and--
Arya comes up behind the men. They notice her.
FREY SOLDIER: What do you want?
ARYA: Mind if I keep warm?  Frey Soldier #2: Fuck off.
ARYA: But I'm hungry.
FREY SOLDIER: Does fuck off mean something different where you're from?
ARYA: I've got money.
Arya produces the silver Braavosi coin from her belt.
FREY SOLDIER: What kind of coin is that?
ARYA: It's worth a lot.
ARYA drops the coin in front of the FREY SOLDIER.
ARYA: Sorry.
FREY SOLDIER: Little shit.
The FREY SOLDIER reaches down for the coin. ARYA pushes him down by the neck and stabs the FREY SOLDIER repeatedly.
FREY SOLDIER #2: Fool!
The other three soldiers rise to attack, but the HOUND appears to shield her. The Frey Soldiers attack the HOUND. He punches one in the face and slices another across the gut. He dodges a blow and disarms the third. He then dispatches the two soldiers who remain standing. ARYA watches, awestruck. She stands up as the HOUND deals a final blow.
HOUND: Where did you get the knife?
ARYA: From you.
ARYA holds up the knife, emotionless. The HOUND takes it.
HOUND: Is that the first man you've killed?
ARYA: The first man.
HOUND: Next time you're going to do something like that, tell me first.
The HOUND walks to the soldier's fire and starts eating their meal. ARYA bends down and picks up her Braavosi coin.
ARYA: (whispers) Valar morghulis.
EXT: The North.
JON cleans his facial wounds in a small pool. His horse grazes nearby. He hears the sound of a bow being drawn. He turns to see YGRITTE, an arrow notched and aimed at him. She is the picture of controlled anger. JON stands and faces her.
JON: Ygritte, you know I didn't have a choice. You always knew who I was, what I am.
YGRITTE: (grunts)
JON: I have to go home now. I know you won't hurt me.
YGRITTE's emotions start to crack.
YGRITTE: You know nothing, Jon Snow.
JON: I do know some things. I know I love you.
YGRITTE grunts and draws her bow harder in rage.
JON: I know you love me. But I have to go home now.
YGRITTE fights back tears. JON turns, and she looses an arrow into  Jon's shoulder. Jon falls to the ground, grunting in pain. YGRITTE notches another arrow as JON lurches up and grabs onto his horse. YGRITTE hesitates. JON mounts and YGRITTE puts an arrow into his leg. JON cries out and spurs his horse. YGRITTE has found her resolve. She notches another arrow. She tracks him and shoots him a third time as he gallops away. She begins to weep.
EXT: Caslte Black courtyard
It is a grey day, and the courtyard is relatively quiet.
CUT TO: Castle Black interior.
MAESTER AEMON sits by the fire. SAM and GILLY stand before him. She cradles her BABY.
SAM: I know how this must look. What I meant was--
GILLY: I swear to you, my lord--
MAESTER AEMON: I'm not a lord, my dear. Not for many, many years. Every man who joins the Night's Watch renounces all former titles. Among other things. What is your name?
GILLY: Gilly.
MAESTER AEMON: Ah, for the gillyflower. Lovely.
GILLY: Yes, my--
SAM: Maester.
GILLY: Master.
SAM: Maester.
MAESTER AEMON: And the child?
SAM: She hasn't chosen a name yet.
GILLY: His name is Sam.
MAESTER AEMON: Tarly do you remember the oath you swore when you joined this order?
SAM: He's not my child, Maester Aemon. She's one of Craster's wives. I remember every word of the oath. Night gathers and my watch begins. I am the shield that guards the realms of men. The realms of men. That means her as well as us. We didn't build 500 miles of ice walls 700 feet high to keep men out. The night is gathering, Maester Aemon. I've seen it. It's coming for all of us.
MAESTER AEMON: Gilly, you and your son will be our guests for the time being. We certainly cannot send you back beyond the Wall.
GILLY: Thank you Maester. I can cook and clean and I can--
MAESTER AEMON: Good. Samwell, fetch a quill and inkwell. I hope your penmanship is better than your swordplay.
SAM sits at the writing desk and readies a quill.
SAM: Miles better.
MAESTER AEMON: We had 44 ravens at last count. Make sure they're all fed. Every one of them flies tonight.
INT: Dragonstone
DAVOS sits in a rough-hewn chamber. A pile of sealed scrolls sits on the table in front of him. SHIREEN sits reading a book nearby. DAVOS opens a scroll and tries to read it.
SHIREEN: Night
DAVOS: 'First night of the full moon.' Why is there a G in night?
SHIREEN: I don't know. There just is.
DAVOS: Well, your father's not going to go to that.
SHIREEN sits next to DAVOS. He puts the scroll back on the table.
SHIREEN: My books are better than these boring scrolls. You could read about Balerion the Dread. They say you can still see his skull in the dungeons beneath the Red Keep. I'd like to see that someday.
DAVOS: I've been trying to stay out of those dungeons my whole life.
SHIREEN: 'His fangs were as long as bastard swords.'
SHIREEN moves back to the bed.
DAVOS: Aye, old Balerion's definitely better than anything your cousin Rylene's got on offer. But now that I'm your father's Hand again, I have to keep him informed. The king does not have time for this drudgery. 'To all the lords and knobble men of Westeros.'
SHIREEN: ' Noblemen.'
SHIREEN: What is it?
Bells ring out in the distance. SHIREEN puts down her book.
SHIREEN: Why are they ringing the bells? Are we being attacked?
DAVOS: Stay here. Bar the door.
DAVOS stands and exits.
CUT TO: The Dragonstone War Room
MELISANDRE picks up some pieces from the war map. STANNIS is hunched over the table, holding a single scroll. MELISANDRE starts to drop the pieces in the fire, one by one. DAVOS enters.
CUT: Melisandre, Stannis, Davos
STANNIS: The usurper Robb Stark is dead. Betrayed by his bannerman.
DAVOS: And you take credit because you dropped a leech into the fire?
MELISANDRE: I take no credit. I have faith and my faith has been rewarded.
DAVOS: Your Grace, the world has got so far bent. I've seen things crawl out of nightmares, but my eyes were open. I don't know if Robb Stark died because of the Red Woman's sorcery or because at war men die all the time, but I do know that uniting the Seven Kingdoms with blood magic is wrong. It is evil. And you are not an evil man.
STANNIS: Do you know who had this table carved and painted, Ser Davos?
DAVOS: Aegon Targaryen.
STANNIS: And do you know how Aegon Targaryen conquered Westeros?
DAVOS: On the back of his dragon Balerion the Dread.
STANNIS: He had a smaller fleet than the kings he faced and a smaller army, but he had three dragons. Dragons are magic, Ser Davos. My enemies have made my kingdom bleed. I will not forget that. I will not forgive that. I will punish them with any arms at my disposal.
DAVOS: You do not need to burn the boy. If what you say is true, a drop of his blood killed Robb Stark--
MELISANDRE: And our king is still no closer to the Iron Throne. A great gift requires a great sacrifice.
MELISANDRE touches STANNIS's shoulder. He turns, and then walks to face the sea.
DAVOS: His name is Gendry. He's a good lad. A poor lad from Flea Bottom who happens to be your nephew.
STANNIS: What is the life of one bastard boy against a kingdom?
DAVOS: Everything.
STANNIS: The boy must die.
INT: Dragonstone Dungeon, night
DAVOS enters, bearing a torch. He unlocks GENDRY's cell.
GENDRY: What are you doing?
DAVOS: You're leaving.
GENDRY: Is this some kind of trick?
DAVOS: Yes, but not on you.
DAVOS throws a cloak to GENDRY.
CUT TO: Dragonstone shore.
DAVOS and GENDRY walk to a rowboat. DAVOS tosses a bag into the boat and pushes it into the water.
DAVOS: Aim for that star. Don't stop. There's bread and water. Go slow with it. If you finish it off, no matter how thirsty you get, don't drink seawater.
They wade into the water.
GENDRY: I know not to drink seawater.
DAVOS: Row for a full day and night and you'll reach Rook's Rest. You'll want to stop there. Don't. She'll find you.
GENDRY: Where should I go?
DAVOS: You must keep the coast on your left side until you reach King's Landing.
GENDRY: The gold cloaks are looking for me.
DAVOS: They were looking for me for 20 years. Do they know your face?
GENDRY: No.
DAVOS: I'd worry more about the Red Woman.
Gendry boards the rowboat and sits
DAVOS: The other way.
Gendry turns around in the boat and sits at the oarlocks.
DAVOS: You ever been in a boat before?
GENDRY: No.
GENDRY: You know how to swim?
GENDRY: No.
DAVOS: Don't fall out. Go on.
DAVOS pushes the rowboat away from the shore.
GENDRY: Why are you doing this?
DAVOS: Because it's right. And because I'm a slow learner.
GENDRY begins to row away.
DAVOS: When you get to Flea Bottom, have a bowl of brown for me.
EXT: Castle Black
JON lies slumped on his horse's back as it approaches Castle Black. A GUARD calls from a high walkway.
GUARD: Horse approaching! Halt! Halt!
JON slides off the horse and lies motionless in the snow. The GUARD rushes down
CUT TO: Castle Black courtyard
Two Night's Watchmen drag JON through the courtyard. Others come rushing in to see what is happening. They set JON down and roll him over. SAM and PYP stand over him.
SAM: Jon! Jon! Jon, it's us.
PYP: I don't think he can see us.
JON: Pyp? Sam?
SAM: Hush, now. You're home. Carry him inside. Gently.
They carry JON to the stairs.
EXT: The streets of King's Landing
The market is busy and teeming with daily life. JAIME enters the gate, soiled by days of travel. He marvels at being back in the capitol after so long. BRIENNE follows just behind.
MAN: Out of the way. Step aside, country boy. People working here.
JAIME is quiet and humble. He exchanges a look with BRIENNE, who nods encouragingly. They walk into the clamor.
INT: Cersei's chambers
CERSEI sits, admiring a collection of exotic shells, reliving some memory. JAIME enters quietly behind her.
JAIME: Cersei.
CERSEI looks up and gasps. They measure one another. She notices JAIME's hand. He looks down.
INT: Dragonstone war room
DAVOS stands before some guards. STANNIS and MELISANDRE interrogate him.
STANNIS: You don't deny it?
DAVOS: No. I let him go.
MELISANDRE: Your mercy saved the boy's life. You feel good about that?
DAVOS: Aye, I do.
MELISANDRE: You saved one innocent. How many tens of thousands have you doomed?
DAVOS: There has got to be another way.
STANNIS: What other way?! Tell us about this other way.
DAVOS: I don't know, Your Grace. I can't see the future in the fire.
STANNIS: Very well, Ser Davos Seaworth. I, Stannis of the House Baratheon, First of My Name, Rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, sentence you to die.
DAVOS: I understand. But since you haven't yet unnamed me Hand of the King, it is my duty to advise you against it. You're gonna need me.
MELISANDRE: Take him away.
The guards start to wrestle DAVOS away.
STANNIS: Why am I gonna need you?
Davos produces a scroll and holds it our for  Stannis.
MELISANDRE: My king.
Stannis takes the scroll and reads it.
Stannis hands scroll to Melisandre. She reads it.
STANNIS: When did you learn to read?
DAVOS: Matthos taught me before he died so I could be of better service to you.
Melisandre burns the scroll.
MELISANDRE: This War of Five Kings means nothing. The true war lies to the north, my king. Death marches on the Wall. Only you can stop him.
DAVOS: You can't stop him alone. You need someone to rebuild your army for you, someone to convince this lord and that lord to fight for you, to bring sellswords and pirates to your side.
STANNIS: I've made my decision.
MELISANDRE: He's right. You need him. He has a part to play in the war to come.
STANNIS: (chuckles) You see, Ser Davos? You've been saved by that fire god you like to mock. You're in his army now.
DAVOS and MELISANDRE look at one another.
EXT: Outside Yunkai
DAENERYS, MISSANDEI, JORAH, BARRISTAN and DAARIO stand on  the rocks, surrounded by the Unsullied and the Dothraki. The dragons chitter as they wait outside Yunkai.
BARRISTAN: They will come, Your Grace. When they're ready.
DAENERYS: Perhaps they didn't want to be conquered.
JORAH: You didn't conquer them. You liberated them.
DAENERYS: People learn to love their chains.
The door opens and a crowd pours out. Each wears a collar around their neck. As they get close to DAENERYS, the Unsullied, as one,  take a defensive position, spears pointed at the crowd. A dragon screaches.
MISSANDEI: (speaking Valyrian) This is Daenerys Targaryen, the Stormborn, the Unburnt, the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros, Mother of Dragons. It is to her you owe your freedom
DAENERYS: No.
DAENERYS surveys the crowd.
DAENERYS: (speaking Valyrian)  You do not owe me your freedom.  I cannot give it to you. Your freedom is not mine to give. It belongs to you and you alone. If you want it back, you must take it for yourselves. Each and every one of you.
The crowd is silent until one man, holding his daughter, calls out.
MAN: Mhysa!
DAUGHTER: Mhysa!
The whole crowd joins in the shouting.
CROWD:  Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa!
DAENERYS: What does it mean?
MISSANDEI: It is old Ghiscari, khaleesi. It means 'mother'.
The crowd steps closer and they continue to call to DAENERYS. The Unsullied take a more threatening stance to hold them back. Panic and fear begin to ripple through the confused crowd. They regain their voice and renew their cries.
CROWD: Mhysa! Mhysa!  Mhysa.
DAENERYS: It's all right. These people won't hurt me.
DAENERYS steps forward  kneels next to her three dragons.
DAENERYS: (in Valyrian) Fly.
The dragons screach and launch to the sky. DAENERYS steps down among the Unsullied.
CROWD: Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa.
DAENERYS:  (in Valyrian) Let me pass
DAENERYS walks into the crowd. The touch her gently as she passes through them. They are elated, and they continue to chant to her.
CROWD: Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa. Mhysa!
DAENERYS walks deep into the crowd. They lift her up above them, and she sits on their shoulders as the crowd reaches towards her. They spin slowly and the crowd forms rings around her. She smiles and the crowd tightens into a spiral of adulation. The Unsullied remain in formation. The dragons soar overhead.
INT. KING'S LANDING
The camera pans up to the hold of a sword hewn from Valeryan steel. Tywin draws it and hands it to a blacksmith, who knocks its hilt off with a hammer, and then places the blade into the forge. It melts into molten sludge and is then recast into two swords. Tywin throws the carcass of a wolf into the fire.
INT. Jaime holds up a sword, admiring it.
JAIME: Magnificent.
TYWIN:  Mm-hmm.
JAIME: Looks fresh-forged.
TYWIN: It is.
JAIME: No one's made a Valyrian steel sword since the Doom of Valyria.
TYWIN: There are three living smiths who know how to rework Valyrian steel. The finest of them was in Volantis. Came here to King's Landing at my invitation.
JAIME: Where did you get this much Valyrian steel?
TYWIN: From someone who no longer had need of it.
JAIME nods and hefts the blade.
JAIME: You've wanted one of these in the family for a long time.
TYWIN: And now we have two.
JAIME: Two?
TYWIN: The original weapon was absurdly large. Plenty of steel for two swords.
JAIME: Well, thank you. It's glorious.
JAIME attempts to sheath the sword into the cover lying on the table, but fails awkwardly. TYWIN starts as the sheath bobbles.
TYWIN: You'll have to train your left hand.
JAIME: Any decent swordsman knows how to use both hands.
TYWIN: You'll never be as good.
JAIME: No. But as long as I'm better than everyone else, I suppose it doesn't matter.
TYWIN: You can't serve in the Kingsguard with one hand.
JAIME: Where's that written? I can and I will. The Kingsguard oath is for life.
TYWIN:  The war is over. The king is safe. The king is never safe.
JAIME: How many people in this city alone would love to see his head on a pike?
TYWIN:  Other knights protected the king while you were a prisoner. They will continue to do so when you go home.
JAIME: Home?
TYWIN: You'll return to Casterly Rock and rule in my stead.
JAIME:You are the Lord of Casterly Rock.
TYWIN:  I am the King's Hand. My place is here. I don't expect to see the Rock again before I die.
JAIME: You know what they call me? Kingslayer. Oathbreaker. Man without honor. Now you want me to break another sacred vow.
TYWIN:  You won't be breaking anything. There is a precedent to relieve a Kingsguard of his duties. The king will exercise that prerogative.
JAIME: No.
TYWIN:  No?
JAIME: No.
TYWIN: I don't believe I asked you a question.
JAIME: There's my answer.
TYWIN:  If you think your bloody honor comes before...
JAIME: My bloody honor is beyond repair, but my answer is still no. I don't want Casterly Rock. I don't want a wife. I don't want children.
TYWIN:  What do you want?
JAIME: Supper would be nice.
TYWIN: For 40 years I've tried to teach you. If you haven't learned by now, you never will. Go. If serving as a glorified bodyguard is the sum of your ambition, go serve.
JAIME: I suppose you want the sword back.
TYWIN:  Keep it.
JAIME grabs the sword.
TYWIN: A one-handed man with no family needs all the help he can get.
JAIME picks up the sword and exits
EXT. Outside King's Landing
TYRION, PODRICK and BRONN stand on a road leading to King's Landing. BRONN holds a sigil with both stag and lion. Commoners dot the road in their daily routine. A peasant leads two reluctant, bleating goats past them.
BRONN: How many Dornishmen does it take to fuck a goat?
TYRION: Please don't.
BRONN: Seems to me the smart place to meet travelers is in a tavern. That way, one party is late, the other party can drink some ale inside.
TYRION: This is the Prince of Dorne we're waiting for, not one of your sellsword friends.
BRONN: If he's so damned important, how come they sent you to meet him?
TYRION: There's bad blood between the Martells of Dorne and the Lannisters of Casterly Rock. Has been for years.
BRONN: And just in case the Martells of Dorne are looking to spill some Lannister blood, it may as well be yours, eh?
TYRION: No need for cynicism. I happen to be an accomplished diplomat.
BRONN: Oh.
Hoofbeats approach.
TYRION: Ah, here we are.
TYRION claps.
TYRION: Can you read the sigils?
BRONN: Yellow balls?
PODRICK: Wild lemons on a purple field, House Dalt of Lemonwood. A vulture grasping a baby in it's talons, House Blackmont. A crowned skull, the Manwoodys of Kingsgrave.
TYRION: Boy knows his Dornish Houses.
BRONN: I need a sigil.
TYRION:  And House Martell, a red sun pierced by a spear?
PODRICK: I don't see it, my lord.
TYRION nods and steps foward to greet th first Dornish lords that approach on horsebak.
TYRION: Well met, my lords. His Grace King Joffrey welcomes you in his name. My lord father, the King's Hand, sends his greetings as well. I am Tyrion Lannister of Casterly Rock, Master of Coin. Forgive me. I don't see Prince Doran in your company.
DORNISH LORD: The prince's health forces him to remain at Sunspear. He sends his brother Prince Oberyn to attend the royal wedding in his stead.
TYRION: (Nods.) Yes, the king will be delighted to enjoy the company of a warrior as renowned as Prince Oberyn at his wedding feast.
DORNISH LORD: Will he?
TYRION: And where is Prince Oberyn?
DORNISH LORD: Arrived before dawn. Not a man for welcome parties, our prince.
TYRION: Very well. My lords, these fine men from the City Watch will escort you to your quarters in the Red Keep.
The Dornish lords advance rudely, before TYRION can finish his welcome.
TYRION: You must be weary after such a long journey.
TYRION, BRONN and PODRICK must step aside to make way. PODRICK struggles with his sigil. They begin walking back to the city.
BRONN: Some accomplished diplomacy that was. Now where?
TYRION:  We must find Prince Oberyn before he kills somebody or several somebodies.
BRONN: How do you plan on finding a single Dornishman in a city this big?
TYRION: You're famous for fucking half of Westeros. You just arrived at the capital after two weeks of bad roads, where would you go?
BRONN: I'd probably go to sleep, but I'm getting old.
CUT TO: INTERIOR, brothel
OBERYN walks behind a row of prostitutes, taking their measure. He comes around to face them, walking past OLYVAR. ELLARIA lounges behind him, as he decides upon WHORE #1.
OBERYN: Look at this one. How lovely is she?
ELLARIA: Beautiful. But pale.
OBERYN: They like them pale in the capital. Shows they don't work the fields.
OBERYN removes her tunic.  Do I frighten you?
WHORE #1: (Shakes her head no, looking down. )
OBERYN: You like?
ELLARIA: Timid. Timid bores me.
OBERYN moves to WHORE #2, the next in line. She has been meeting the gaze of the Dornish visitors.
OBERYN: You're a bit of mischief, aren't you?
WHORE #1, scuttles shyly to dress herself.
OBERYN: I think she likes you. ELLARIA" She has good taste.
OBERYN: You're not timid, are you?
WHORE #2 saunters forward, smirking, and acrobatically balances on her left foot while pulling her right foot behind her to touch her head.
ELLARIA: (Laughs) Not timid.
OBERYN:  Do you like women?
WHORE #2: When they look like her, my lord.
ELLARIA: This one will do nicely.
OLYVAR: Very good, my lady.
ELLARIA: Oh, I'm not a lady.
OLYVAR: A term of courtesy in this establishment.
ELLARIA: A lie anywhere. Why not use the right words? I'm a bastard. She is a whore. And you're what? A procurer.
OLYVAR: Any of the others?
OBERYN:  The two girls can leave.
OLYVAR snaps his fingers and turns to leave.
OBERYN:  You stay.
OLYVAR: I'm afraid I'm not an offer, my lord.
OBERYN:  Everyone who works for Littlefinger is an offer. Take off your clothes. We'll be here a while.
OLYVAR:  My lord.
OBERYN:  I am a prince, boy. Have you ever been with a prince?
OLYVAR: Can't say I have. I'm wildly expensive.
OBERYN:  Take off your clothes.
OBERYN, opens OLYVAR"s tunic and caresses him. Meanwhile ELLARIA and WHORE #2 are kissing and fondling one another.
OLYVAR: Which way do you like it?
OBERYN roughly grabs OLYVAR's cock.
OLYVAR: (Gasps)
OBERYN: My way  .
MORGAN: And so he spoke and so he spoke That Lord of Castamere.  And now the rains
OBERYN is perturbed by the singing.
ELLARIA: Oberyn.
MORGAN:  Weep o'er his hall...
OBERYN moves towards the source of the singing.
ELLARIA:  Oberyn, don't.
ELLARIA gets up and hands her wine to WHORE #2 and follows OBERYN, concerned.
CUT TO: A nearby room in the brothel.
MORGAN and MORGAN'S FRIEND sit entangled with their prostitutes. One of them is singing.
MORGAN:   With no one there to hear Yes, not the rains  weep o'er his hall And not a soul to hear.
OBERYN enters.
MORGAN'S FRIEND: You lost, friend?
OBERYN: Forgive me for staring. I don't see many Lannisters where I'm from.
MORGAN'S FRIEND: I don't see many Dornishmen in the capital.
OBERYN: We don't like the smell. (Laughs)
ELLARIA grabs OBERYN to persuade him to leave. OLYVAR enters behind them.
ELLARIA: Come with me, lover.
MORGAN: Gods, look at this one.
OLYVAR: Sirs, if you follow me, I'll arrange for a private room.
MORGAN: Why are you wasting a woman like this on a Dornishman? Bring him a shaved goat and a bottle of olive oil. (Laughs)
OBERYN: Do you know why all the world hates a Lannister?
OBERYN walks towards the men. MORGAN and MORGAN"S FRIEND rise to his challenge, and their whores flee the room.
OBERYN: You think your gold and your lions and your gold lions make you better than everyone. May I tell you a secret? You're not a golden lion. You're just a pink little man who is far too slow on the draw.
MORGAN grabs towards his weapon on the table, but OBERYN is faster. He pierces MORGAN's hand with his dagger, and traps it against the table.
MORGAN: (Screams)
MORGAN'S FRIEND grabs the hilt of his blade and begins to draw.
OBERYN: Longsword is a bad option in close quarters. When I pull my blade, your friend starts bleeding. Quite a lot, I'm afraid. So many veins in the wrist.
OBERYN twists the blade
MORGAN: (Groans)
OBERYN: He'll live if you get him help straightaway. So, decisions.
MORGAN'S FRIEND ponders while MORGAN groans and OBERYN smiles devilishly.
TYRION and BRONN enter swiftly.
TYRION: Prince Oberyn, forgive the intrusion. We heard there might be...
MORGAN'S FRIEND pops his sword back and OBERYN flicks his dagger free from the table, and MORGAN's hand. MORGAN lets out a cry of anguish and then he and his friend move away quickly.
TYRION: trouble.
ELLARIA moves to OBERYN, and caresses him.
OBERYN: Apologies, my love.
MORGAN'S FRIEND helps MORGAN though the door to exit. OBERYN and ELLARIA kiss passionately. TYRION and BRONN exchange a puzzled look.
TYRION: I'm here to welcome you to the capital.
Reluctantly, OBERYN and ELLARIA release their embrace.
OBERYN: Ellaria Sand, my paramour. The king's own Uncle Imp. Tyrion, son of Tywin Lannister.
TYRION: If there's anything I can do to make your stay...
OBERYN: What are you? His hired killer?
BRONN: It started that way, aye. Now I'm a knight.
OBERYN: How did that come to pass?
BRONN: Killed the right people, I suppose.
OBERYN laughs. BRONN joins him.
OBERYN: We'll need a few more girls. Girls, yes?
Comically, BRONN nods while TYRION shakes his head.  OBERYN. You don't partake?
TYRION: Oh, I partook. Now I'm married.
ELLARIA continues to kiss OBERYN.
TYRION: Prince Oberyn, if I may, a word in private?
ELLARIA releases her embrace and OBERYN signals for her to go.
EXT. Outside of the brothel.
The door opens and TYRION and OBERYN emerge.
OBERYN: Seems I visited the Lannister brothel by mistake.
TYRION: Oh, they take all kinds.
OBERYN: Even Dornishmen.
TYRION: The king is very grateful that you traveled all this way for his wedding.
OBERYN: Let us speak truth here. Joffrey is insulted. I am only the second son after all.
TYRION: Well, speaking as a fellow second son, I have grown rather used to being the family insult.
OBERYN: (Chuckles)
TYRION: Why did you come to King's Landing, Prince Oberyn?
OBERYN: I was invited to the royal wedding.
TYRION: I thought we were speaking truth.
OBERYN: The last time I was in the capital was many years ago. Another wedding. My sister Elia and Rhaegar Targaryen, the Last Dragon. My sister loved him. She bore his children. Swaddled them, rocked them, fed them at her own breast. Elia wouldn't let the wet nurse touch them. And beautiful, noble Rhaegar Targaryen left her for another woman. That started a war and the war ended right here when your father's army took the city...
TYRION: I wasn't actually present.
OBERYN: And butchered those children. My nephew and niece. Carved them up and wrapped them in Lannister cloaks. And my sister, you know what they did to her?
TYRION's gaze is cast downward, so OBERYN takes his chin and meets his eyes.
OBERYN: I'm asking you a question.
TYRION: I've heard rumors.
OBERYN: (Chuckles) So have I. The one I keep hearing is that Gregor Clegane the Mountain raped Elia and split her in half with his great sword.
TYRION: I wasn't there. I don't know what happened.
OBERYN: If the Mountain killed my sister, your father gave the order. Tell your father I'm here. And tell him the Lannisters aren't the only ones who pay their debts.
OBERYN exits and TYRION looks concerned.
EXT. ESSOS
DAENERYS sits with DROGON nuzzling her, while VISERION and RHAEGAL fly in the distance. DAENERYS chuckles and strokes DROGON, soothing him. JORAH walks up. VISERION and RHAEGAL tussle in midair over a carcass, which lands before the rock where DAENERYS sits. The two dragons follow, fighting to claim the meat. DROGON rises to his haunches, and roars. The other dragons submit and DROGON moves to take the carcass. JORAH comes closer.
JORAH: They're dragons, Khaleesi. They can never be tamed. Not even by their mother.
CUT TO: ESSOS EXTERIOR
The unsullied stand at the ready. DAENERYS and JORAH approach, followed by three Dothraki. They walk up tot join BARRISTAN SELMY and MISSANDEI in front of the troops.
DAENERYS: Ser Barristan.
BARRISTAN: Your Grace.
DAENERYS: Where's Daario Naharis? Where's Grey Worm?
BARRISTAN: Gambling, Your Grace.
DAENERYS: Gambling?
Annoyed, DAENERYS strides forward. MISSANDEI follows briskly. They walk between rows and rows of unsullied.
CUT TO: ESSOS village exterior.
The crowd bows in reverence as DAENERYS and MISSANDEI stride past.
CROWD: Mhysa. Mhysa. Mhysa...
DAENERYS: How long have they been at it?
MISSANDEI: Since midnight, Your Grace.
They come upon DAARIO NAHARIS and GREY WORM, who sit cross legged facing one another. Each of them holds their arms extended straight before them,  their weapons resting atop. Apparently, this is a game of endurance.
DAARIO: Ser Worm is stronger than he looks. But I can see his arms beginning to shake.
DAENERYS: What's the prize to winning this stupid contest?
DAARIO: The honor of riding by your side on the road to Meereen.
DENERYS: That honor goes to Ser Jorah and Ser Barristan as neither of them kept me waiting this morning. You two will ride in the rear guard and protect the livestock.
DAENERYS turns to leave, but neither of the men budge.
DAENERYS: The last man holding his sword can find a new queen to fight for.
DAARIO and GREY WORM drop their arms simultaneously. Their weapons fall to the sand. DAARIO groans, while MISSANDEI gives GREY WORM a look. DARIO nods to GREY WORM and they both stand.
DAARIO: (in valerian) You like this girl? Must be frustrating.
GREY WORM: (in valerian) You are not a smart man, Daario Naharis.
DAARIO: (in valerian) I'd rather have no brains and two balls.
DAARIO leaves, and GREY WORM watches, stretching his aching shoulders.
EXT. King's Landing.
MAREI stands in the background while. SHAE fills a plate from a garden banquet table, and places it before SANSA, who sits motionless.
SHAE: You need to eat something.
SANSA does not respond.
SHAE: Pigeon pie.
SANSA: No, thank you.
SHAE looks back to the table for other options, and picks up SANSA's plate.
SHAE: Lemon cakes?
SANSA: No, thank you.
SHAE: You love lemon cakes.
TYRION enters.
SHAE: Tell her she needs to eat.
TYRION: My lady, you do need to eat.
SANSA: I don't need to eat.
TYRION: If I could have a moment alone with my wife.
MAREI leaves, but SHAE stays. TYRION nodes, imploringly.
SHAE: She needs to eat.
SHAE exits and TYRION sits at the table with SANSA. He takes her hand.
TYRION: I can't let you starve.
SHAE looks back in anger.
TYRION: I swore to protect you.
SANSA looks away and removes her hand from Tyrion's.
TYRION: My lady, I am your husband. Let me help you.
SANSA: How can you help me?
TYRION: I don't know, but I can try.
SANSA: I lie awake all night staring at the canopy thinking about how they died.
TYRION: I could get you essence of nightshade to help you sleep.
SANSA: Do you know what they did to my brother? How they sewed his direwolf's head onto his body? And my mother. They say they cut her throat to the bone and threw her body in the river.
TYRION: What happened to your family was a terrible crime. I didn't know your brother. He seemed like a good man, but I didn't know him. Your mother, on the other hand, I admired her. She wanted to have me executed, but I admired her. She was a strong woman. And she was fierce when it came to protecting her children. Sansa. Your mother would want you to carry on. You know it's true.
SANSA stands, and TYRION does as well, in politeness.
SANSA: Will you pardon me, my lord? I'd like to visit the godswood.
TYRION: Of course. Of course. Prayer can be helpful, I hear.
SANSA: I don't pray anymore. It's the only place I can go where people don't talk to me.
SANSA exits and TYRION watches her go.
INT. TYRION's chambers.
Tyrion enters, and shuts the door. Shae lies in his bed.
SHAE: My lion.
TYRION: What are you doing?
SHAE: What does it look like I'm doing? Come here.
TYRION: How many times have I told you? You can't visit me here.
SHAE: I know. I know. We have come to a dangerous place. Have you forgotten me? Do you know how long it's been?
TYRION: Of course I haven't forgotten.
SHAE: I want you. Don't you want me?
TYRION:  Things are a bit tense right now.
SHAE: What things?
TYRION: My nephew the king wants to murder me. My wife hates me because my father murdered her family. Oberyn Martell wants to murder everyone whose last name is Lannister.
SHAE: You need to relax.
SHAE takes TYRION's fingers into her mouth to moisten them, then places his hand under her dress.
SHAE: Don't you want to relax?
SHAE tries to kiss him, but TYRION removes his hand in defiance.
SHAE:  What's wrong?
TYRION: I told you. It's not a good time.
SHAE:  It's never a good time. You have your child bride now.
TYRION:  Shae.
SHAE: Do you love her?
TYRION:  Love her? I barely know her. She's a child. She despises me.
SHAE:  That's not an answer.
TYRION: Of course I don't love her.
SHAE: You tried to ship me away.
TYRION: Ship you away?
SHAE: Give me diamonds and make me disappear.
TYRION:  What in the world are you talking about?
SHAE: If you want me to leave, just say it. Say it!
TYRION:  Shh. I don't know what you're talking about.
SHAE: You want me to stay?
TYRION does not respond. SHAE picks up her shoe and leaves in anger. MAREI is eavesdropping behind a column.
INT. King's Landing.
QYBURN places a sleeve over the stump of JAIME's wrist. He then grabs a golden hand and pushes it onto Jaime's stump, twisting it into place. JAIME groans and grimaces.
JAIME: (Groans)
QYBURN: A work of art, really. The craftsmanship is excellent.
CERSEI pours wine in the foreground.
JAIME: You like it so much, you're welcome to chop off your own hand and take it.
JAIME: Days?
CERSEI: Better part of an afternoon. There, how does that feel?
JAIME moves his metal hand around for effect.
JAIME: Uh... a hook would be more practical.
CERSEI: Elegant, I think.
QYBURN squeeze the hand firmly into place, and JAIME winces. QYBURN starts to depart but CERSEI intercepts him.
CERSIE: Thank you for your help with the other matter.
QYBURN: The symptoms have abated?
CERSEI: Gone completely. I am in your debt, Maester Qyburn.
QYBURN: Not a maester, Your Grace, but happy to help whenever I can.
QYBURN turns to JAIME, who waves his fake hand meekly. QYBURN gives CERSEI one last look, and exits.
JAIME: Odd little man.
CERSEI:  I've grown rather fond of him. He's quite talented, you know?
JAIME: What symptoms?
CERSEI: Symptoms that are not your concern.
JAIME: You let him touch you?
CERSEI: You jealous?
JAIME: I'm surprised. You never let Pycelle near you.
CERSEI: (Laughs) You think I'd let that old lecher put his hands on me? He smells like a dead cat.
JAIME: I'm not sure I've ever smelled a dead cat.
CERSEI: Well, they smell like Pycelle.
JAIME: You drink more than you used to.
CERSEI: Yes.
JAIME: Why?
CERSEI: Let's see, you started a brawl in the streets with Ned Stark and disappeared from the capital. My husband died in a tragic hunting accident.
JAIME: It must have been traumatic for you.
CERSEI: My only daughter was shipped off to Dorne. We suffered through a siege.
JAIME: A rather short siege.
CERSEI: A rather short siege that I didn't expect to survive. And now I'm marrying my eldest son to a wicked little bitch from Highgarden while I'm supposed to marry her brother, a renowned pillow biter. So...
JAIME sits beside her.
JAIME: Father disowned me today.
CERSEI: He can't disown you. You're all he's got.
JAIME: You're forgetting Tyrion.
CERSEI: You don't really plan on staying in the Kingsguard, do you?
JAIME takes her hand.
JAIME: Staying in the Kingsguard means I live right here in the Red Keep with you.
He moves to kiss her.
CERSEI: Not now.
JAIME:  I want... Not now? When? I've been back for weeks.
CERSEI does not answer.
JAIME: Something's changed.
CERSEI: Everything's changed. You come back after all this time with no apologies and one hand and expect everything to be the same?
JAIME: What do you want me to apologize for?
CERSEI: For leaving me.
JAIME: You think I wanted to be taken prisoner?
CERSEI: Don't know what you wanted. You weren't here. You left me alone.
JAIME: Every day I was a prisoner, I plotted my escape. Every day. I murdered people so I could be here with you.
CERSEI: You took too long.
JAIME:  I... What are you saying?
CERSEI:  I'm saying you took too long.
There is a knocking at the door.
CERSEI: Come in.
JAIME: Go away.
MAREI enters.
MAREI: Forgive me, Your Grace. You told me to come at once if there was anything important.
EXT. North of the wall.
YGRITTE sits fletching arrows. TORMUND approaches.
TORMUND: You plan on killing all the crows yourself?
YGRITTE: Do you plan on sitting here scratching your balls till winter?
TORMUND: We wait for Mance's orders.
YGRITTE: You sent a man over the Wall at the full moon. If he's not back yet, he's not coming back.
TORMUND: And what is it you want? March on Castle Black with just this lot? Your pretty crow said 1,000 men are nesting there.
YGRITTE: Yeah, well, he's a liar.
TORMUND: He is? Shouldn't it be "he was"? You said you put three arrows in him.
YGRITTE:  I did.
TORMUND: I've seen you slip a shaft through a rabbit's eye at 200 yards. If that boy's still walking, it's 'cause you let him go.
A wildling whistles from above. TORMUND and YGRITTE turn to look, and rise.
CUT TO: The crevice
YGRITTE and TORMUND lead a group of wildlings with weapons draw. Other wildings stand above the crevice where they advance.  Some Thenns approach, led by the menacing STYR.
TORMUND: Thenns. I fucking hate Thenns.
TORMUND sheathes his sword. The Thenns come closer.
TORMUND: Mance sent you?
STYR:  (Grunts)
The Thenn party continues to walk through
TORMUND: How did you find us?
STYR nods back at a THENN WARG, who releases a bird for reconnaisance.
TORMUND: You came from the south, not the north.
WARG: Took a detour. Got some supper from a village down that way.
A Thenn drops a heavy bag from his shoulder to the floor of the crevice.
STYR: Why does the meat down here taste so much better than it does on our side of the Wall?
TORMUND: Help yourself.
STYR: (Chuckles) Maybe everything's just better fed down here.
The Thenns pull some bird meat off the spit that was on the fire.
STYR: Fat and lazy. Easier for us, hmm?
STYR pats TORMUND on the shoulder as he walks past. TORMUND follows, with YGRITTE further behind.
STYR: You didn't see us coming? Lost your warg? And that baby crow you had with you, lost him too?
TORMUND: I'll answer to Mance. I won't answer to you.
STYR: She yours?
YGRITTE: I'm not anybody's.
YGRITTE notches an arrow and places it directly on  STYR's throat. Two of his Thenn companions draw their swords.  STYR stares YGRITTE down.
STYR: Too scrawny. Not like those crows at Castle Black.
STYR turns his attention to TORMUND. YGRITTE lowers her bow a TORMUND's command. The other Thenns continue to work at the fire.
STYR: Think of them stuck in their larders stuffing their faces with ham and blood sausage and stew, getting nice and fat and marbled.
STYR walks towards the fire.
STYR: I know we've had our differences, Tormund, but just one time before you die, you really ought to try crow.
STYR kneels before the fire, where the other Thenns have skewered a human arm on the spit roasting in the fire.
EXT. Winterfell. Some Knight's Watch recruits are practicing their archery.
OFFICER: Draw. Loose.
SAM walks by the recruits as they fire their arrows at a row of straw men, to varying effect. He then walks up the steps to JON's quarters.
CUT TO: Jon's quarters
Jon is dressing in pain. SAM stands behind him.
JON: Last time I saw him, he was in the courtyard at Winterfell. "He said, " Next time I see you, you'll be all in black." I was jealous of Robb my whole life. (Winces) The way my father looked at him, I wanted that. He was better than me at everything... fighting and hunting and riding and girls. Gods, the girls loved him. I wanted to hate him, but I never could.
SAM: Sometimes I want to hate you.
JON turns in surprise.
SAM: Well, you're better than me at everything. Except reading.
JON: (Chuckles)
SAM: They're... they're ready for you.
JON picks up his leather armor and walks towards the door.
JON: He's wanted to hang me for a while. Now's his chance.
SAM: No one's going to hang you. You've done nothing wrong.
JON: I've done plenty wrong.
INT. Winterfell.
ALLISER THORNE questions JON SNOW. He is flanked by JANOS SLYNT and MAESTRE AEMON
ALLISER THORNE: So you admit you murdered Qhorin Halfhand?
JON: I didn't murder him.
ALLISER THORNE:  No? You put your sword through a brother of the Night's Watch. What do you call that?
JON: He wanted me to kill him.
JANOS SLYNT: A bastard son of a traitor. What would you expect?
JON: The Halfhand believed our only chance to stop Mance was to get a man inside his army.
ALLISER THORNE: Don't talk about the Halfhand as if you knew him. He was my brother.
JON: Then you'd know he'd do anything to defend the Wall. The free folk would have boiled him alive, but letting me kill him...
JANOS SLYNT: The free folk? Listen to him. He even talks like a wildling now.
JON: Aye, I talk like a wildling. I ate with the wildlings. I climbed the Wall with the wildlings. I... I laid with a wildling girl.
JANOS SLYNT: You admit to breaking your vows, then?
JON: I do.
JANOS SLYNT: The law is the law. The boy must die.
MAESTER AEMON: If we beheaded every ranger who lay with a girl, the Wall would be manned by headless men.
ALLISER THORNE: There's a difference between sneaking off to the Mole's Town brothel and sleeping with the enemy.
JON: While we sit here debating which rules I broke, Mance Rayder marches on the Wall with an army of 100,000.
ALLISER THORNE:  Impossible. You can't get 50 wildlings together before they start killing each other.
JON: 100,000. He's united the Thenns, the Hornfoots, the ice-river clans. He has giants fighting for him.
JANOS SLYNT: (Laughs) Giants?
JON: Have you ever been beyond the Wall, ser?
JANOS SLUNT: I commanded the City Watch of King's Landing, boy.
JON: And now you're here. You must not have been very good at your job.
JANOS SLYNT stands in indignation.
JANOS SLYNT: How dare you?!
JON: There's a band of wildlings south of the Wall already led by Tormund Giantsbane. I killed their warg and three others. They shot me full of arrows. Their orders are to attack Castle Black from the south when Mance hits it from the north. The signal for the attack will be a bonfire. Mance said it would be the greatest fire the North has ever seen. That's the truth. All the truth.
JANOS SLYNT sits back down.
JON: Do you intend to execute me or am I free to go?
MAESTER AEMON: None of us are free. We are men of the Night's Watch. But we won't be taking your head today, Jon Snow. Go on.
JON nods and leaves. MAESTER AEMON stands to leave, frail and helped by his assistant. He moves slowly down the wooden stairs from the dais to the floor.
ALLISER THORNE: I am acting commander here, Maester Aemon.
MAESTER AEMON: Yes, you are.
ALLISER THORNE:  And I don't trust the bastard.
MAESTER AEMON: He told the truth.
ALLISER THORNE: And you always know when a man's telling a lie? How did you acquire this magical power?
MAESTER AEMON: I grew up in King's Landing.
EXT. King's Landing garden.
OLENNA and MARGAERY consider necklace options for her wedding.
OLENNA: No. No. You're a queen, not an ox.
OLENNA picks up one of the necklaces, sentimentally. MARGAERY smiles.
OLENNA: Your grandfather gave me a necklace just like this one for my 51st nameday.
OLENNA tosses the necklace away, surprising MARGAERY.
MARGAERY: The wedding is in a fortnight, Grandmother. You can't say no to everything.
OLENNA: Nonsense.
OLENNA turns to the half dozen maids waiting.
OLENNA: My little dears. Go and speak to the jewelers of King's Landing. Tell them who you are, tell them who sent you. The one who brings me the best necklace will get to keep the next best.
The maids exit, laughing. OLENNA turns back to MARGAERY. They sit.
OLENNA: The Margaery Tyrell who walks into the sept a fortnight from now will inspire 1,000 songs. Now, how sad it will be if she's wearing rubbish like that.
MARGAERY: Perhaps I should just let Joffrey choose it for me. End up with a string of dead sparrow heads around my neck.
OLENNA: You watch that. Even here, even with me.
Footsteps approach and BRIENNE enters.
OLENNA: My word.
BRIENNE: My lady. My lady. Please pardon me for interrupting. My name is Brienne of Tarth.
OLENNA: We know who you are. We've heard all about you. But hearing is one thing. Aren't you just marvelous? Absolutely singular.
BRIENNE looks embarrassed.
OLENNA: I hear you knocked my grandson into the dirt like the silly little boy he is.
BRIENNE: My lady, I know this is a very busy time for you, but if I could just have a moment.
OLENNA turns to MARGAERY, intrigued.
OLENNA: You dare not refuse.
CUT TO: Another part of the garden.
BRIENNE and MARGAERY stroll next to a pond
MARGAERY: A shadow?
BRIENNE: A shadow with the face of Stannis Baratheon. I swear to you by all the gods it was Stannis. He plunged his sword through Renly's heart and disappeared. One day, my lady, I will avenge our king.
MARGAERY: Joffrey is our king now.
BRIENNE: I meant no offense.
MARGAERY: And you've given none.
MARGAERY gently touches BRIENNE on the shoulder.
INT. King's Landing.
JOFFREY, JAIME and MERYN TRANT are strategizing.
JAIME: All the Kingsguard will be on duty, of course. Ser Boros will be stationed here. Ser Preston will be stationed here beside the primary entertainment. Your Grace?
JOFFREY: Yes, yes, one guard at the... the thing. Go on.
JAIME: Ser Meryn will guard Lady Margaery and Tommen.
MERYN: I've always guarded the king himself, my lord. Ever since your absence.
JAIME: And I thank you for it, Ser Meryn. All very good. I don't expect any trouble.
MERYN: The people love their king. They know who keeps them fed.
JAIME: Margaery Tyrell, I've heard.
JOFFREY: By my leave. They know I saved the city. They know I won the war.
JAIME: The war's not won. Not while Stannis lives.
JOFFREY: I broke Stannis on the Blackwater. Pity you weren't there to help, Uncle.
JAIME: My apologies, Your Grace. I was rather busy.
JOFFREY: Busy getting captured.
JOFFREY thumbs through a large tome.
JAIME: So this is the famous "Book of Brothers"? All the great deeds of all the great Kingsguard. Ser Arthur Dayne. The Sword of the Morning. (Chuckles) Led the attack on the Kingswood Brotherhood. Defeated the Smiling Knight in single combat. Ser Duncan the Tall. (Laughs) Four pages for Ser Duncan. He must have been quite a man.
JAIME: So they say.
JOFFREY: Ser Jaime Lannister. (Chuckles)
There is very little written in the Book of Brothers about JAIME.
JOFFREY: Someone forgot to write down all your great deeds.
JAIME:  There's still time.
JOFFREY:  Is there? For a 40-year-old knight with one hand? How can you protect me with that?
JAIME: I use my left hand now, Your Grace. Makes for more of a contest.
JOFFREY and MERYN exit. JAIME walks over to the book, and slams it shut.
EXT. ESSOS
The unsullied are marching past DAENERYS and MISSANDEI, who stand on a cliff overlooking the shore.
DAENERYS: Have you ever been to Meereen?
MISSANDEI: Several times, Your Grace, with Master Kraznys.
DAENERYS: And?
MISSANDEI: They say 1,000 slaves died building the Great Pyramid of Meereen.
DAENERYS: And now an army of former slaves is marching to her gates. You think the Great Masters are worried?
MISSANDEI:  If they're smart, Your Grace.
Footsteps approach, and DAARIO NAHARIS enters.
DAENERYS: You were told to ride at the back of the train.
DAARIO: Yes, my queen. But I need to speak to you about something important. A matter of strategy.
DAENERYS signals for MISSANDEI to leave them.
MISSANDEI: Your Grace.
MISSANDEI exists.
DAENERYS: All right, what is this matter of strategy?
DAARIO presents DAENERYS with a purple flower.
DAARIO: A dusk rose.
DAENERYS: Would you like to walk at the back of the train instead of riding?
DAENERYS starts to walk away, but DAARIO follows and presents her with another small flowering plant, this one is white.
DAARIO: And this one's called lady's lace.
DAENERYS: Would you like to walk without shoes?
DAAERIO: You have to know a land to rule it. It's plants, it's rivers, it's roads, it's people. Dusk rose tea eases fever. Everyone in Meereen knows that. Especially the slaves who have to make the tea. If you want them to follow you, you have to become a part of their world. Strategy.
DAARIO presents her with a red flower.
DAARIO: Harpy's Gold. No tea from this one. Beautiful but poisonous.
DAARIO presents the three flowers to DAENERYS in a small bouquet.
DAENERYS: You are a gambler, aren't you?
She takes the flowers. DAARIO makes a small bow to depart.
DAARIO: Your Grace.
DAENERYS ponders. A man shouts in valerian. She joins, BARRISTAN SELMY, JORAH, GREY WORM and MISSANDEI. They have found a mile marker, festooned by a woman's corpse who points the way to Mereen.s
JORAH: There's one on every mile marker between here and Meereen.
DAENERYS: How many miles are there between here and Meereen?
BARRISTAN: 163, Your Grace. I'll tell our men to ride ahead and bury them. You don't need to see this.
DAENERYS: You will do no such thing. I will see each and every one of their faces. Remove her collar before you bury her.
EXT.  KING'S LANDING.
SANSA stands on the shore with eyes closed. BRIENNE and JAIME stand on the cliff above.
BRIENNE: There she is.
JAIME: Yes, there she is.
BRIENNE: And? You made a promise.
JAIME: To return the Stark girls to their mother who is now dead.
BRIENNE: To keep them safe.
JAIME: Well, Arya Stark hasn't been seen since her father was killed. Where do you think she is? My money's on dead. There's a certain safety in death, wouldn't you say? And Sansa Stark is now Sansa Lannister. Bit of a complication.
BRIENNE: A complication does not release you from a vow.
JAIME: What do you want me to do? Kidnap my sister-in-law? And take her where? Where would she be safer than here?
BRIENNE: Look me in the eye and tell me that you think she'll be safe in King's Landing.
JAIME: Are you sure we're not related? Ever since I've returned, every Lannister I've seen has been a miserable pain in my ass. Maybe you're a Lannister, too. You've got the hair for it if not the looks.
JAIME exits. BRIENNE follows.
SANSA comes up from the shore. She hears something, and realizes that she is not alone. She quickens her pace through the woods. A man trails her, stealthily. She speeds her walk, and comes to a table. TOMMY taps her on the shoulder. She starts.
SER DONTOS:  It's all right. It's all right. It's all right.
SANSA:  You're drunk.
SER DONTOS: Yes. I have good reason to be. Once I was a knight. Now I'm only a fool. Don't you know me?
SANSA: Ser Dontos. The king's nameday celebration. I'm sorry. I should have remembered.
SER DONTOS: I can't accept your apology. I may be a fool, but I'm a living fool, thanks to you.
SANSA: Anyone would have done the same.
SER DONTOS: But only you did. I can never repay you. You gave me my life. But this, this is worth more than my life.
SER DONTOS gives SANSA a necklace with blue stones. SANSA looks closely at it.
SER DONTOS: It belonged to my mother and her mother before her. House Hollard was strong once. House on the rise. That's all that's left of those days, thanks to a few sad, fat drunks like me.
SANSA: I can't take it. It's very, very kind of you, but I can't.
SER DONTOS: I don't have anything else left. That's all. Take it. Wear it. Let my name have one more moment in the sun before it disappears from the world.
SANSA: I'll wear it with pride, Ser Dontos.
SER DONTOS: Yeah.
They both smile
EXT. THE RIVERLANDS
ARYA sits in front of the HOUND on his horse. They ride through a scene of brutal violence, with villagers slaughtered amongst their upended carts. Flies buzz at the corpses.
ARYA: When am I going to get a horse of my own?
HOUND: The little lady wants a pony.
ARYA: The little lady wants away from your stench.
HOUND: Horses aren't easy to come by. Even if they were, you think I'm gonna put you on your own horse? Watch the only thing of value I've got in the world ride away?
ARYA: Why don't you have any money? Didn't you steal anything from Joffrey before you left?
HOUND: No.
ARYA: You're not very smart, are you?
HOUND: I'm not a thief.
ARYA: You're fine with murdering little boys, but thieving is beneath you?
HOUND: A man's got to have a code.
ARYA: You think I'm gonna escape? Where would I go? I'd be dead by nightfall without you. My family's gone. I've got no one.
HOUND: You've got an aunt in the Vale. Your rich Aunt Lysa. After I sell you to her, maybe she'll have enough left over to buy you that pony you want so much.
CUT TO: outside an Inn. Sounds of men can be heard in the buildings.
ARYA: I'm hungry. You're hungry.
HOUND: Five horses, five men. More than I feel like killing on an empty stomach.
Two men exit the bulding, and ARYA recognizes POLLIVER.
ARYA: I know him. The small one. His name is Polliver. He captured us and took us to Harrenhal.
The two men urinate into the bushes by the farm.
ARYA: He killed Lommy.
HOUND: What the fuck's a Lommy?
ARYA: He was my friend. Polliver stole my sword and put it right through his neck. He's still got it.
HOUND: Got what?
ARYA: My sword Needle.
HOUND:  Needle? Of course you named your sword.
ARYA: Lots of people name their swords.
HOUND: Lots of cunts.
The two men finish relieving themselves and return inside. The HOUND notices that ARYA has started towards the Inn.
HOUND: What are you... get back here.
ARYA: My brother gave me that sword.
HOUND:  Get back here.
ARYA:  He killed my friend.
The HOUND grabs ARYA roughly by the should and puts himself between her and the door.
HOUND: I don't care if he ate your friend. We're not going in there.
The door opens behind him and a soldier meets his eye. The HOUND turns to face him fully. He retreats, allowing the HOUND to enter.
CUT TO: FARMHOUSE INTERIOR
The HOUND enters the door, and a woman can be heard whimpering while the soldiers egg each other on.
MAN: Come on, give it up.
INNKEEPER'S DAUGHER: (Whimpers)
MAN: Come here.
INNKEEPER'S DAUGHER: (Whimpers)
MAN: Let's have a feel there.
MAN #2: Leave it.
The INNKEEPER'S DAUGHER struggles in the grasp of one of the men ARYA enters behind the hound and shuts the door. The soldiers look warily at their the duo. Everyone goes quiet as the HOUND and ARYA enter the inn. The HOUND and ARYA sit at a table in the back. The men return to their assault on the girl.
MAN: Come here.
INNKEEPER: Please, she's a good girl.
POLLIVER: Shut your mouth and pour us more ale and we may not take her with us when we're done with her.
POLLIVER turns to look at ARYA . He recognizes her.
POLLIVER: I know you.
ARYA graps the hilt of the HOUND's sword. POLLIVER stnads.
POLLIVER: You're the Hound.
ARYA is relieved. She releases her grip on the HOUND's sword. POLLIVER walks over and joins their table.
POLLIVER: Pour our new friend some ale. What brings you so far north?
HOUND: I could ask the same of you. What are you doing up here?
POLLIVER: Just keeping the king's peace.
HOUND: No need. The war's over.
The INNKEEPER pours them some ale. The HOUND drinks.
POLLIVER: So I've heard. Stannis defeated at the Blackwater. Robb Stark killed at the Twins. And where am I for all of it? Stuck with your brother. Meaning no offense.
HOUND: None taken.
POLLIVER: He's good, the Mountain is. Best at what he does. But torture, torture, torture, torture. You spend enough time putting the hammer to people, you start to feel like a carpenter making chairs. Drains the fun right out of it. And what's life without a little fun? (Chuckles)
POLLIVER turns to look at ARYA.
POLLIVER: But I don't need to tell you that, eh?
HOUND: She's all right. I've had better.
POLLIVER: (Laughs) You know what? You should come with us. His kind, they've always got something hidden away somewhere. Gold, silver, more daughters. Always something if you know how to make them talk. And there's plenty of him between here and King's Landing. You could do well for yourself. We certainly have been.
HOUND: I'm not going to King's Landing.
POLLIVER: Think about it. We could do whatever we like wherever we go. These are the king's colors. No one's standing in his way now. Which means no one's standing in ours.
HOUND: Fuck the king.
The chatter in the inn stops.The HOUND takes a drink.
POLLIVER: When I heard that Joffrey's dog had tucked tail and run from the Battle of the Blackwater, I didn't believe it. But here you are.
HOUND: Here I am. Bring me one of those chickens.
POLLIVER: You got money to pay for it?
HOUND: You paid for it?
POLLIVER: (Laughs) No. But we're the king's men. So, you got money?
HOUND: Not a penny.
HOUND: I'll still take that chicken.
POLLIVER: Tell you what. We'll trade you. One of our little chickens for one of yours. Give us a go at your friend. Lowell there likes them a bit broken in.
The men chuckle.
HOUND: You're a talker. Listening to talkers makes me thirsty.
The HOUND takes POLLIVER's ale, and finishes it in one long drink.
HOUND: Ah. And hungry. Think I'll take two chickens.
POLLIVER: You don't seem to understand the situation.
HOUND: I understand that if any more words come pouring out of your cunt mouth, I'm gonna have to eat every fucking chicken in this room.
POLLIVER: You lived your life for the king. You're gonna die for some chickens?
HOUND: Someone is.
The men stare one another down. POLLIVER rises to attack, but the HOUND turns over the table, knocking him down. He then sets to the room and dispatches the soldiers one by one, while the INNKEEPER cowers. The fight is brutal, using both sword and fist. POLLIVER and a companion. are able to get the upper hand, and the HOUND falls to the ground, where they kick at him violently. ARYA watches in fright. The HOUND manages to fend them off with his sword, even from the ground. He sweeps the legs out from under one of them, and POLLIVER scambles on all fours towards his sword. The HOUND steps on the blade and slugs POLLIVER violently, who crumples to the ground. The fight continues, and the HOUND gores another soldier before TOMMY pins the HOUND to the ground, a dagger to his throat. With great strength, the HOUND pulls the man's dagger away from his throat while gouging at his face. He positions the man's face over his own dagger, and swiftly slams the soldier's face into the dagger, repeatedly.
ARYA moves from shock into action. She shatters a jug over a soldier's head, then picks up a sword and stabs him through, slowly. She comes up behind POLLIVER, who is stalking the wounded HOUND, and stabs him through. She takes need from him before he falls forward to the ground. The HOUND runs another soldier through. ARYA walks calmly over POLLIVER, who lays on his back.
ARYA: Something wrong with your leg, boy?
POLLIVER: What? What do you mean?
ARYA: Can you walk? I've got to carry you?
POLLIVER: Carry me?
ARYA: Fine little blade.
ARYA puts the point of her blade under POLLIVER's chin. He raises his hands weakly in surrender.
ARYA: Maybe I'll pick my teeth with it.
A light of recognition fills POLLIVER's eyes, met quickly by ARYA stabbing him through the chin, slowly. He gasps and gurgles. She removes her sword and watches the blood fill his mouth. He chokes, spurts, and dies.
EXT. Outside the inn
The HOUND rides his mount, chewing on some chicken. ARYA comes into view behind him on her own white horse. She looks pleased. They ride through the devastation of the countryside.
EXT: Woods.
Dogs bark and a woman laughs. Another woman breathes in panic, gasping for breath
Ramsay: Tansy! Tansy! Tansy!
RAMSAY and MYRANDA run together, holding hands. They each hold a bow as they run.  They are happy, excited and enjoying themselves. THEON limps behind them, trying to keep up. The hunting dogs continue to bark.
RAMSAY: Tansy! Tansy!
TANSY runs through the woods, the hunting dogs barking in pursuit. Further behind are RAMSAY, MYRANDA and THEON.
RAMSAY: There you are.
TANSAY: (screams)
MYRANDA: (laughing) I can't see her, Ramsay.
RAMSAY: Tansy!
RAMSAY notches an arrow. TANSY pauses at a tree, gasping for breath. RAMSAY's arrow strikes the tree, just inches from her face. She screams, and begins running again.
RAMSAY: If you make it out of the woods, you win! Run, Tansy, run!
MYRANDA expertly notches an arrow and lets it fly. It flies past TANSY, who stumbles down into a muddy stream, gasping and screaming. She scrambles on all fours in panic, pauses to hide in the shadowed stream bed. She sobs.
RAMSAY: Tansy.
MYRANDA: Where is she?
RAMSAY: Tansy, Tansy, Tansy!
The hunting dogs come barreling down the stream bed towards TANSY. She shrieks and whimpers, and starts running once again. The dogs chase her through a small tunnel and back into the woods proper. MYRANDA lets another arrow fly, with concentration and precision. It hits TANSY in the leg, and she falls, sobbing. The dogs terrorize her. RAMSAY, MYRANDA and THEON catch up.
RAMSAY: Good girls. Down, girls. Down. Well done. You, too.
MYRANDA:  I only wounded her.
RAMSAY:  You brought her down. That's what matters. A fine shot. Wasn't it, Reek?
THEON: A fine shot, master. My lady.
TANSY: Please, my lord. It hurts.
RAMSAY: Oh, sweet. Don't cry. It will be over soon.
MYRANDA notches another arrow at takes aim.
MYRANDA: She thinks she's pretty. Let me put one through her face.
RAMSAY: We have to reward the hounds, love. They did all the hard work.
TANSY: Why? I did whatever you asked.
RAMSAY: But you made Myranda feel jealous.
MYRANDA lowers her bow, a bit taken aback.
MYRANDA:  Me jealous of her?
TANSY: My lord, please.
RAMSAY: You can see that your presence has become a bit of a problem.
RAMSAY turns from jaunty to ferocious.
RAMSAY: Rip her! Rip her! Rip her!
Off camera, the dogs tear into TANSY. She screams. THEON watches, dejected and powerless. Sounds of ripping flesh and TANSY screaming fill the woods.
RAMSAY: Not so pretty now.
TANSY's screams have stopped, but the sounds of ripping flesh continue. THEON struggles to hold back tears.
INT: King's Landing.
PODRICK serves sausages to TYRION. JAIME sits at the table, uncomfortably.
TYRION: Your new hand, it's nicer than the old one. Wouldn't you agree, Pod?
PODRICK: Is it solid gold?
JAIME: Gilded steel.
TYRION: You're not eating. Why is no one eating? My wife wastes away and my brother starves himself.
JAIME: I'm not hungry.
TYRION: You lost a hand, not a stomach. Try the boar. Cersei can't get enough of it since one killed Robert for her.
TYRION raises his cup.
TYRION: A toast. To the proud Lannister children. The dwarf, the cripple, and the mother of madness.
JAIME moves to raise his own cup, but knocks it over clumsily with is left hand.
JAIME:  Oh!
PODRICK: I'll clean it up.
JAIME: No, I'll do it. Leave us.
PODRICK exits, while JAIME places his cup right-side up.
TYRION: It's only wine.
He holds up his own cup and pours it out onto the table. JAIME sits back in resignation. TYRION stands and pours more wine.
JAIME: I can't fight anymore.
TYRION: What about your left?
JAIME: I can hold a sword, but all my instincts are wrong. How can I protect the king when I can hardly wipe my own ass?
TYRION: You're the Lord Commander now. Command. Let others do the fighting. When was the last time Father used a sword?
JAIME: I'm not Father. I'm the Kingslayer. When people find out I can't slay a pigeon...
TYRION: Train, then. Learn to fight with your other hand.
TYRION sits back down.
JAIME: With whom? You? Men talk. Soon as someone discovers I can't fight, he'll tell everyone.
TYRION: You need a proper, discreet swordsman. As it happens, I have just the one.
EXT: A rocky King's Landing shoreline.
BRONN appears, carrying some swords. He joins JAIME, who sits by the shore.
JAIME: My brother tells me you can keep your mouth shut. Unusual talent for a sellsword.
BRONN: He tells me you shit gold just like your father.
JAIME: Is this place safe?
JAIME tosses a pouch of gold to BRONN.
BRONN: There's this knight, Leygood, got thunderbolts on his shield.
JAIME: Uh-huh.
BRONN: Right here is where I fuck his wife. She's a screamer, that one. If they don't hear her, they won't hear us.
BRONN pockets the gold. JAIME gets his sword, and spins it in his wrist to warm it. BRONN whistles in admiration.
BRONN: I've never seen Valyrian steel before. She's a beauty. The problem is, if you fight with an edged blade, I'll have to.
BRONN stands, holding two sparring swords.
BRONN: And if I fight with an edged blade, I'll have no one left to pay me.
He drops one to the ground, clattering, and continues to walk forward.
JAIME: I haven't used a sparring sword since I was nine.
JAIME walks to the sparring sword, indignant. He reaches for it, but BRONN slaps his hand with his sword, just as he grabs it.
JAIME: Ah! Bold warrior you are, attacking a man when his guard's down.
BRONN: Best time to attack a man.
BRONN swings at JAIME, who parries clumsily. BRONN pushes him, and JAIME falters to the wall.
BRONN: Mind yourself. JAIME;  If I still had my right hand...
BRONN:  Plan on growing it back?
They engage in swordplay. JAIME parries defensively, but well. However, BRONN gets him off balance again and causes him to stumble with a forearm nudge. JAIME recovers and faces him. JAIME pants and resets.
JAIME: Come on, then.
JAIME makes an awkward attack, and they continue.
EXT: The Dreadfort at night.
Some riders gallops down the Dreadfort road,
MAN: Open the gates!
EXT: The Dreadfort courtyard
The men swing open the door and the riders enter.
MAN: Riders coming in! Let's get these horses seen to!
RAMSAY stands to greet the riders. ROOSE BOLTON and WALDA dismount and approach.
RAMSAY: Father. Welcome home.
ROOSE: Walda, this is Ramsay Snow, my bastard.
RAMSEY steps forward to greet her, warmly smiling.
RAMSAY: A pleasure, Mother.
RAMSAY kisses her cheek. WALDA smiles awkwardly.
WALDA: Hello.
ROOSE: See that the horses are fed, watered, and rubbed down. And take Lady Walda to her chambers.
WOMAN: This way, my lady.
WALDA and the WOMAN exit.
ROOSE: Where is your prize?
RAMSAY: With the hounds. I'll have a look at him.
ROOSE exits, and RAMSAY greets LOCKE. They walk together
RAMSAY: I hear you took a hand from the Kingslayer.
LOCKE: Word travels. How he screamed. You would have loved it.
RAMSAY: (laughs)
CUT TO: Dreadfort interior.
ROOSE sits down by the fire, aching and exhausted from the ride. RAMSAY and THEON enter. A MAN stands in the background, sharpening a shaving razor against a strop.
RAMSAY: Father.
ROOSE rises to inspect THEON.
ROOSE: What did you do to him?
RAMSAY: I trained him. He was a slow learner, but he learned.
ROOSE: You flayed him.
RAMSAY: Peeled a few bits. Removed a few others.
ROOSE: This was Balon Greyjoy's son and heir.
RAMSAY: We've been flaying our enemies for 1,000 years. The flayed man is on our banners.
ROOSE: My banners, not yours. You're not a Bolton. You're a Snow. Tywin Lannister has given me the North. But he won't lift a finger to help me take it. As long as the ironborn hold Moat Cailin, our armies are trapped south of the Neck. Theon was a valuable hostage, not your plaything. I wanted to trade him for Moat Cailin.
RAMSAY: I already asked. Lord Greyjoy refused. Savages have no...
ROOSE: You sent terms to Balon Greyjoy without my consent?
RAMSAY: You made me acting Lord of the Dreadfort. I acted.
ROOSE: I had to smuggle myself into my own lands thanks to the Greyjoys. I needed Theon. I needed him whole.
RAMSAY: Theon was our enemy. But Reek, Reek will never betray us.
ROOSE: I placed far too much trust in you.
RAMSAY: Reek, how could you let me stand before my father unshaven? It's disrespectful.
THEON:  I'm sorry, my lord.
RAMSAY:  Give him the razor.
RAMSAY sits.
RAMSAY: If I'm not a Bolton, Father, what does it matter?
THEON stakes the razor and the shaving cream.
RAMSAY: Go on, Reek. A nice close shave.
THEON lathers RAMSAY's face and begins to shave it carefully.
RAMSAY: Reek, tell Father where are Bran and Rickon Stark?
THEON: I don't know, my lord.
ROOSE: You murdered them and displayed their corpses at Winterfell.
RAMSAY: Reek, did you murder the Stark boys?
THEON: No, my lord. Just two farm boys.
RAMSAY: And crisped them so no one would know.
THEON: Yes, my lord.
RAMSAY: The Starks have always ruled the North. If Bran and Rickon are alive, the country will rally to their side now that Robb Stark is gone.
THEON continues to shave RAMSAY and holds the razor on RAMSAY's throat. RAMSAY goads him.
RAMSAY: Oh, that's right, Reek. Robb Stark is dead. Sorry. I know he was like a brother to you. But my father put a knife through his heart. How do you feel about that?
THEON's hand twitches, and he struggles with himself. Then he continues to shave RAMSAY slowly.
ROOSE: You ready for a hunt?
MERYN TRANT: Always. Find those boys and I'll give you 1,000 acres and a holdfast.
LOCKE: Your pet rat have any thoughts on which way they went after Winterfell?
THEON: Jon Snow is at Castle Black.
LOCKE: Who the fuck is Jon Snow?
ROOSE: Their bastard brother. He could be sheltering them. He may know where they are.
RAMSEY stands, cleanly shaven.
RAMSAY: Even if he doesn't, he's half Stark himself. Could be a threat.
ROOSE: You want to prove yourself a Bolton? Gather whatever men you can and ride for Moat Cailin. Bring this creature of yours. Maybe he'll be of some use. Take the Moat for the family, for our family, and I'll reconsider your position.
EXT: King's Landing garden.
TYRION and PODRICK meet VARYS.
TYRION: Lord Varys. Breakfasting with the king?
VARYS: I'm afraid foreigners aren't welcome at such exclusive affairs.
TYRION: Oh, to be foreign.
VARYS: Ahem.
PODRICK stands aside as TYRION and VARYS head down a more secluded path.
VARYS: Shae has been noticed. Sansa's maid saw you with her. She already told your sister. It's only a matter of time before your father hears.
TYRION: So I'm guilty of being seen with my own wife's handmaiden. My father will ask you if there's anything more and you'll tell him some clever lie.
VARYS: No, I will not. How long do you imagine your father and sister would let me live if they suspected me of lying? I have no pet sellsword to protect me. No legendary brother to avenge me. Only little birds who whisper in my ear.
TYRION:  Forgive me if I don't weep for you.
VARYS: No one weeps for spiders or whores. I have friends across the sea who could help her.
TYRION: She won't leave. I've told her this is a dangerous place so many times, she no longer believes it.
VARYS: Your father has promised to hang the next whore he finds you with. Have you ever known your father to make an idle threat?
VARYS bows and leaves. TYRION fumes.
EXT: A garden party.
SANSA, TYRION, JOFFREY, TYWIN, CERSEI, TOMMEN and PYCELLE sit at an outdoor banquet table. MACE TYRELL stands before them.
MACE: From House Tyrell and the people of the Reach, Your Grace, it is my honor to present you with this wedding cup.
He places the up before JOFFREY.
MACE: May you and my daughter Margaery drink deep and live long.
JOFFREY: A handsome goblet, my lord. Or shall I call you Father?
MACE: I shall be honored, Your Grace.
MACE bows and exits. SHAE brings a tray to the table and sets it before SANSA.
CERSEI: She's the whore I told you about. The dark-haired one.
SHAE exits.
TYWIN: Have her brought to the Tower of the Hand before the wedding.
TYRION looks concerned. PODRICK places a large tome before JOFFREY and TYRION walks to the front of the table
JOFFREY: A book?
TYRION:  "The Lives of Four Kings." Grand Maester Kaeth's history of the reigns of Daeron the Young Dragon, Baelor the Blessed, Aegon the Unworthy, and Daeron the Good. A book every king should read.
JOFFREY is at a loss for words. TYWIN entreats him to respond.
JOFFREY: Now that the war is won, we should all find time for wisdom. Thank you, Uncle.
TYRION bows. SHAE watches. The MOUNTAIN brings forth a sword and lays it on the table before JOFFREY. TYWIN stands.
TYWIN: One of only two Valyrian steel swords in the capital, Your Grace, freshly forged in your honor.
Excitedly, JOFFREY walks around the table. Exuberantly, he unsheaths the sword.
PYCELLE: Careful, Your Grace. Nothing cuts like Valyrian steel.
JOFFREY: So they say.
JOFFREY steps away, then spins and cleaves the book that TYRION just gave him, repeatedly. People gasp in response. JOFFREY is very pleased.
JOFFREY: Such a great sword should have a name. What shall I call her?
MAN: Stormbringer.
MAN #2: Terminus.
MAN #3: Widow's Wail.
MAN #4: Wolfsbane. -
JOFFREY: Widow's Wail. I like that. Every time I use it, it'll be like cutting off. Ned Stark's head all over again.
JOFFREY sheaths the sword. SANSA looks dejected. He sits down next to MACE and SHAE continues to look on.
INT: TYRION's chambers
The door opens and SHAE walks in, smiling.
TYRION: Don't.
SHAE: You want me on the desk? What's wrong, my lion?
TYRION: Don't call me that.
SHAE: What should I call you?
TYRION: I'm afraid our friendship can't continue.
SHAE: Our friendship?
TYRION: There's a ship waiting in the harbor bound for Pentos.
SHAE: What? You'll have your own cabin, of course, and across the Narrow Sea a house, servants.
SHAE: What is this?
TYRION: I'm a married man. My wife has suffered a great deal, as you well know. I don't want her to suffer anymore on my account. I need to uphold my vows.
SHAE: She doesn't want you.
TYRION:  I need to do right by her.
SHAE: You don't want her.
TYRION:  By our children.
SHAE: What are you afraid of?
TYRION:  I'm not afraid.
SHAE: You are. You are afraid of your father and your sister. You're going to run from them all your life?  I need you to leave.
SHAE: I'm not afraid of them. I'm not going to run.
TYRION:  Shae.
SHAE: We will fight them together. It's like you said, I am yours and you are mine.
TYRION: You're a whore! Sansa is fit to bear my children and you are not. I can't be in love with a whore. I can't have children with a whore. How many men have you been with? 500? 5,000?
SHAE: How many whores have you been with?
TYRION: I have enjoyed my time with all of them and I have enjoyed my time with you most of all. But now that time is over.
TYRION walks over and opens the door. SHAE sobs. BRONN enters.
TYRION: You'll have a comfortable life in Pentos. Bronn will escort you to your ship.
SHAE continues to sob. BRONN clasps her shoulder to lead her out. She turns quickly and slaps him, then storms off, crying. BRONN looks to TYRION, then exits. TYRION walks to the table and violently slaps his cup to the ground.
EXT: Stannis's army camp in the  Stormlands at night.
A woman screams. A line of men are bound on top of unlit bonfires, including AXELL FLORENT. The soldiers mill about, carrying torches.
MELISANDRE: Hear us now. Accept these tokens of our faith, my lord, and lead us from the darkness.
AXELL FLORENT: Sire, I served you well.
The crowd chants along with MELISANDRE
MELISANDRE: Lord of Light, show us the way...
AXELL FLORENT: Selyse, you're my sister!
SELYSE: (Chanting with the others) Yours are the stars that guide us.
AXELL FLORENT: Tell him! Tell him!
MELISANDRE: Lord of Light, protect us, for the night is dark and full of terrors.
The bonfires ignite quickly. The men scream in agony and die.
SELYSE: (to STANNIS) Did you see? Their souls. It was their souls. Our lord took them. Did you see?
STANNIS leaves without responding. DAVOS trails him.
DAVOS: Lord Florent was your brother by law. STANNIS; He was an infidel.
DAVOS: He worshipped the gods of his fathers and their fathers before him. They were the gods of your fathers, too.
STANNIS: I ordered him to tear down his idols. He disobeyed.
DAVOS: How many ships did he bring to your 'cause? How many men?
STANNIS: A good deal more than you.
STANNIS exits and SELYSE catches up, accompanied by MELISANDRE.
SELYSE: Did you see, Ser Davos? They're with our lord now. Their sins all burned away. Did you see?
DAVOS: I'm sure they're more than grateful, my queen.
MELISANDRE walks past DAVOS and he watches, silently.
INT: Storm's End Dining room
Stannis sits at table with SELYSE and MELISANDRE.
STANNIS: Meat's off.
SELYSE: Our larders are almost empty.
STANNIS: Serve fish, then. We're on an island.
SELYSE: You hate fish.
STANNIS: I hate a good many things, but I suffer them all the same.
SELYSE: (to MELISANDRE) When Storm's End was under siege and I was starving, Stannis boiled soup for me from books. The binding glue is made from horses. One morning, he shot two seagulls on the beach. I've never tasted anything as good as grilled seagull. Do you remember?
STANNIS: Of course I remember.
SELYSE: Have you ever known true hunger, my lady?
MELISANDRE: It's all I knew when I was a child.
SELYSE: Until you found the Lord of Light?
MELISANDRE: Until he found me.
SELYSE: I fear for our daughter's soul.
MELISANDRE: Every mother should fear for her child's soul.
SELYSE: She's a stubborn little beast.
STANNIS:  She's a child.
SELYSE: You barely know her. You think she's sweet because she smiles when you visit. She's sullen and stubborn and sinful. Why else would the Lord of Light have seen fit to mark her face? She needs the rod.
STANNIS: She's my daughter. You will not strike her.
SELYSE: As you command. Perhaps the Lady Melisandre could speak with her.
INT: SHIREEN's bedroom after dinner.
A knock on the door.
SHIREEN: Come in.
MELISANDRE enters.
MELISANDRE: Were you sleeping, Princess?
SHIREEN: (Shakes her head)
MELISANDRE:  Did you watch the ceremony on the beach?
SHIREEN: I heard it.
MELISANDRE: And it frightened you?
SHIREEN: Ser Axell was my uncle. He was always kind to me.
MELISANDRE: They're in a better place now, Princess. The fire cleansed them of the sins of the world.
SHIREEN: But they screamed.
MELISANDRE: Women scream when they give birth. Afterward they are filled with joy.
SHIREEN: Afterward they aren't ash and bone.
MELISANDRE: You have so many questions, don't you? So did I when I was a child. I was much like you. Only I wasn't a princess.
SHIREEN: And you didn't have this.
MELISANDRE: No. But I suffered in other ways, sweet girl, believe me. What do you know of the gods?
SHIREEN: I read "The Seven-Pointed Star."
MELISANDRE sits next to SHIREEN to comfort her.
MELISANDRE: Lies and fables. Septons speak of seven gods. There are but two... a god of light and love and joy and a god of darkness, evil, and fear. Eternally at war.
SHIREEN: There are no seven heavens and no seven hells?
MELISANDRE: There's only one hell, Princess. The one we live in now.
EXT: The North at night.
Heavy breathing as the camera pans through the snowy woods. Suddenly, the camera lurches forward and comes upon a deer and the camera attacks viciously,  a wolf's hunt from the predator's point of view.  Hodor: Hodor.
CUT TO: Bran awakening. HODOR, MEERA and JOJEN are with him. BRAN is frantic and panting.
BRAN: Why did you wake me?
MEERA: You've been gone for hours.
BRAN: I was hungry.
MEERA: We're all hungry.
BRAN: I was just eating.
JOJEN: Summer was eating. Your body can't live on the food your wolf consumes. Spending too much time in Summer's skin is dangerous. You're not a direwolf, Bran.
BRAN eats some morsels given to him by MEERA.
JOJEN: Must be glorious, though. To run, to leap, to hunt. To be whole. I know that's tempting, but if you're trapped in Summer for too long, you'll forget what it was to be human.
MEERA: You'd forget us, Bran. You'd forget your mother and father. You'd forget your brothers and sisters. You'd forget Winterfell. You'd forget you. And if we lose you, we lose everything.
EXT: The North.
HODOR pulls BRAN through the woods on a sled. MEERA and JOJEN walk beside them. A wolf barks. They pause and BRAN turns to see his wolf, Summer.
BRAN: Hodor, take me to the tree.
HODOR carries BRAN to the base of the tree, sets him down and steps back. The bark seems to have twisted into a human face. BRAN touches it and launches into a vision of the Godswood, a THREE-EYED RAVEN, a sword, NED STARK's worried face, the Godswood again. Time speeds forward.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: Look for me... beneath the tree.
The THREE-EYED RAVEN lands on the branch of a Godswood. A storm of crows flies into a standing BRAN. A castle interior, an undead horse,
CERSEI: He saw us.
BRAN falls from the Winterfell tower. A dragon's shadow sweeps over King's Landing.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: North.
BRAN gasps and releases his hand from the twisted face on the tree. The vision has ended. MEERA and JOJEN approach.
BRAN: I know where we have to go.
INT: King's Landing, the Sept of Baelor.
MARGAERY and MACE walk down the aisle. MACE hands her to JOFFREY. The pair continue up the steps to the HIGH SEPTON. He places a cape over her shoulders. They clasp hands and they bar bound together.
HIGH SEPTON: Let it be known that Margaery of House Tyrell and Joffrey of the Houses Lannister and Baratheon are one heart, one flesh, one soul. Cursed be he who would seek to tear them asunder.
JOFFREY: With this kiss, I pledge my love.
JOFFREY and MARGAERY kiss. The crowd applauds.
SANSA: We have a new queen.
TYRION: Better her than you.
EXT: King's Landing Garden.
TYWIN and OLENNA talk in the garden as the wedding guests filter out.
TYWIN: Bit much, wouldn't you say?
OLENNA:  It feels proportionate.
TYWIN:  Proportionate to what?
OLENNA: The expected extravagance.
TYWIN: People who spend their money on this sort of nonsense tend not to have it for long.
OLENNA: You ought to try enjoying something before you die. You might find it suits you.
MACE approaches and ties to join them.
OLENNA: Not now, Mace. Lord Tywin and I are speaking.
TYWIN and OLENNA continue, while MACE rears back.
OLENNA: Anyway, I don't know what you're complaining about. I'm paying my share.
TYWIN: Shall we stick golden roses in half the meat pies to commemorate your generosity?
OLENNA: No, your heartfelt thank-you is it's own reward. I would imagine I'd be hearing it again before long. Wars are rather expensive. "The Iron Bank will have it's due." How they love to remind everyone. Almost as much as you Lannisters with your debts.
TYWIN: I'm not worried about the Iron Bank.
OLENNA: We both know you're smarter than that. Come, Tywin, let us celebrate young love.
CUT TO; The wedding reception.
Jugglers and firebreathers, some on stilts, entertain the crowd. BRONN, TYRION and PODRICK walk among the tables.
BRONN: All taken care of.
TYRION: You saw her board the ship?
BRONN: Aye, she's on it.
TYRION: You saw the ship sail away?
BRONN: No one knows she's there but you, me, and Varys.
TYRION: How do you know?
BRONN: Because if someone follows me without an invitation, I'm the last person they ever follow.
TYRION: There's someone following you?
BRONN turns and clasps TYRION's shoulder.
BRONN: She's gone. I know you don't want to believe it, but she is. Now, go drink till it feels like you did the right thing.
BRONN exits.
TYRION and PODRICK walk through the party. They encounter OBERYN and ELLARIA.
OBERYN: Hello.
TYRION: Hello.
OBERYN: Not you.
OBERYN and ELLARIA are enthralled by a contortionist. TYRION and PODRICK walk on.
CUT TO: The head table.
JOFFREY watches the party. OLENNA approaches SANSA.
OLENNA: You look exquisite, child. The wind has been at you, though. I haven't had the opportunity to tell you how sorry I was to hear about your brother. War is war, but killing a man at a wedding, horrid. What sort of monster would do such a thing? As if men need more reasons to fear marriage.
TYRION enters and sits.
TYRION: My lady. My lady.
OLENNA: Lord Tyrion, you see? Not as bad as all that. Perhaps if your pauper husband were to sell his mule and his last pair of shoes, he might be able to afford to bring you to Highgarden for a visit. Now that peace has come and all is right with the world, it would do you good to see some of it. You must excuse me. It's time I ate some of this food I paid for.
MUSICIAN: A coat of gold / Or a coat of red / A lion still has claws And mine,  my lord...
MARGAERY is enjoying the performance, but JOFFREY is bored. He stands and throws some coins to them.
JOFFREY: Very good. Very good. Off you go.
The musicians scrabble to pick up the coins, and depart quickly. MARGAERY moves to calm JOFFREY. CERSEI watches jealously, TOMMEN at her side.  MARGAERY; My love, why don't we make the announcement?
JOFFREY stands and clanks his goblet for attention.
JOFFREY: Everyone. The queen would like to say a few words.
The crowd applauds as JOFFREY sits and MARGAERY stands.
MARGAERY: We are so fortunate to enjoy this marvelous food and drink. Not all among us are so lucky. To thank the gods for bringing the recent war to a just end, King Joffrey has decreed that the leftovers from our feast be given to the poorest in his city.
The crowd applauds, and JOFFREY adores it. CERSEI comes over to MARGAERY.
CERSEI: You're an example to us all.
CERSEI kisses her on each cheek.
LORAS stands in the distance, and catches OBERYN's eye as he cuddles with ELLARIA. LORAS accidentally backs into JAIME.
LORAS: Ser Jaime, I'm very sorry.
JAIME: Ser Loras, it's quite all right. Your sister looks very beautiful.
LORAS: As does yours.
JAIME: So, looking forward to your wedding?
LORAS: Yes, very much.
JAIME: Our fathers are both rather keen on the prospect.
LORAS: They certainly are.
JAIME: Perhaps they should get married. If you were to marry Cersei, she'd murder you in your sleep. If you somehow managed to put a child in her first, she'd murder him, too, long before he drew his first breath. Luckily for you, none of this will happen because you'll never marry her.
LORAS: And neither will you.
LORAS pats JAIME on the shoulder, and exits. BRIENNE approaches the head table, and bows.
MARGAERY stands and shakes her hand.
MARGAERY:  Lady Brienne. So good of you to come.
BRIENNE: I'm no lady, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Did you just bow?
BRIENNE: Apologies, Your Grace. I never did master the curtsy.
JOFFREY: You're the one who put a sword through Renly Baratheon.
MARGAERY: That's not true, my love. Brienne had nothing to do with it.
JOFFREY: A shame. I'd knight the man that put an end to that deviant's life.
BRIENNE:  I just wanted to congratulate you both and wish you good fortune. The country has been at war too long. I hope your reign is long and peaceful.
JOFFREY: Yes, yes.
MARGAERY: Thank you. I hope we see more of you.
BRIENNE departs, and the camera follows her. CERSEI intercepts her.
CERSEI: Lady Brienne. You're Lord Selwyn Tarth's daughter. That makes you a lady whether you want to be or not.
BRIENNE: As you say, Your Grace.
CERSEI: I owe you my gratitude. You returned my brother safely to King's Landing.
BRIENNE: In truth, he rescued me, Your Grace. More than once.
CERSEI: Did he? Haven't heard that story before.
BRIENNE:  Not such a fascinating story, I'm afraid.
CERSEI: I'm sure you have many fascinating stories. Sworn to Renly Baratheon. Sworn to Catelyn Stark. And now my brother. Must be exciting to flit from one camp to the next serving whichever lord or lady you fancy.
BRIENNE: I don't serve your brother, Your Grace.
CERSEI: But you love him.
BREINNE does not answer.
BRIENNE: Your Grace.
BRIENNE exits, and JAIME notices their conversation.
CUT TO; The head table.
PYCELLE has cornered a maid.
PYCELLE: No, no, come to my chambers and I will examine you personally.
CERSEI:  She'll do no such thing.
PYCELLE: Oh, Your Grace. Yes, well, this young lady sought my advice...
CERSEI: You should see Qyburn. He's quite good.
MAID: Your Grace.
The MAID exits.
PYCELLE:  Qyburn? Deplorable man. Brought shame on the Citadel with his repugnant experiments.
CERSEI: More repugnant than your gnarled fingers on that girl's thighs?
PYCELLE: Your Grace, I am a man of learning.
CERSEI: My little brother had you sent to the Black Cells when you annoyed him. What do you think I could do to you if you annoyed me?
PYCELLE: I never meant to annoy anyone.
CERSEI: But you are. You annoy me right now. Every breath you draw in my presence annoys me. So here's what I want you to do. I want you to leave my presence. Leave this wedding right now. Go to the kitchens and instruct them that all the leftovers from the feast will be brought to the kennels.
PYCELLE: Your Grace, Queen Margaery...
CERSEI: The queen is telling you the leftovers will feed the dogs or you will.
PYCELLE exits, and CERSEI smiles.
CUT: the head table, where JOFFREY and MARGAERY watch a fool juggling. Once again, JOFFREY is not amused. He stands.
JOFFREY: A gold dragon to whoever knocks my fool's hat off.
The fool is suddenly pelted with food, and he runs off. CERSEI and TYWIN enter.
TYWIN: You're in rather a good mood.
CERSEI: I suppose I am.
TYWIN: I won't ask why.
CERSEI: Small pleasures.
OBERYN and ELLARIA enter.
OBERYN: Your Grace. Lord Tywin.
TYWIN: Prince Oberyn.
OBERYN: I don't believe you have met Ellaria. This is the Lord Hand Tywin Lannister and Cersei Lannister the Queen Regent. I suppose it is former Queen Regent now. Lord Hand and Lady Cersei, Ellaria Sand.
ELLARIA:  My lord. My lady.
TYWIN: Charmed.
CERSEI: Can't say I've ever met a Sand before.
ELLARIA: We are everywhere in Dorne. I have 10,000 brothers and sisters.
OBERYN: Bastards are born of passion, aren't they? We don't despise them in Dorne.
CERSEI: No? How tolerant of you.
OBERYN: I expect it is a relief, Lady Cersei, giving up your regal responsibilities. Wearing the crown for so many years must have left your neck a bit crooked.
CERSEI: I suppose you'll never know, Prince Oberyn. It's a shame your older brother couldn't attend the wedding.
TYWIN: Please give him our regards. With any luck, the gout will abate with time and he will be able to walk again.
OBERYN: They call it the rich man's disease. A wonder you don't have it.
TYWIN: Noblemen in my part of the country don't enjoy the same lifestyle as our counterparts in Dorne.
OBERYN: People everywhere have their differences. In some places the highborn frown upon those of low birth. In other places the rape and murder of women and children is considered distasteful. What a fortunate thing for you, former Queen Regent, that your daughter Myrcella has been sent to live in the latter sort of place.
JOFFREY taps his goblet.
JOFFREY: Everyone, silence! Clear the floor. There's been too much amusement here today. A royal wedding is not an amusement. A royal wedding is history. The time has come for all of us to contemplate our history. My lords... my ladies...
A lever is pulled. A giant lion's mouth opens. A red carpet rolls down.
JOFFREY: I give you. King Joffrey... Renly, Stannis, Robb Stark, Balon Greyjoy. The War of the Five Kings.
Five dwarves come down from the lion's mouth, each dressed as one of the five kings. They run about,  playing their roles with comic glee. The crowd applauds. JOFFREY is very pleased. TYRION, less so.
RENLY DWARF: I'm the rightful king.
ROBB DWARF: King in the North!
JOFFREY DWARF: Yes!
BALON DWARF: Traitor. You're a traitor.
JOFFREY DWARF: For the Seven Kingdoms!
The dwarves line up on the stage.
JOFFREY DWARF: Let the war begin.
The crowd applauds. RENLY DWARF starts the prance about the stage.
STANNIS DWARF: Renly, you're no king.
BALON DWARF: Away, degenerate. Away. Away.
RENLY DWARF: Ooh, careful.
STANNIS DWARF:  Go on.
RENLY DWARF: I want you to be my prince. Stannis!
STANNIS DWARF and RENLY DWARF feign some indecent acts. LORAS leaves in disgust.
BALON DWARF: Who's got the gold now, Stark?
ROBB DWARF: I am the rightful king.
BALON DWARF: Challenge me, ruffian.
ROBB DWARF: Take that. -
BALON DWARF:  I'm drowning. I'm drowning.
ROBB DWARF: I am the King in the North!
TYRION and SANSA are not amused.
JOFFREY DWARF shoots and arrow and hits STANNIS DWARF.
STANNIS DWARF: Not wildfire!
The crowd applauds. STANNIS DWARF runs off the stage, crying.
TYRON: Pay each of them 20 gold when this is done.
PODRICK: Yes, my lord.
TYRION: We'll have to find another way to thank the king.
JOFFREY is enjoying the spectacle, but MARGAERY is not.
JOFFREY DWARF and ROBB DWARF are having a stand off.
JOFFREY DWARF: Charge!
They run past one another without landing a blow.
JOFFREY DWARF: Ready, again.
JOFFREY DWARF: Charge! Yes!
This time, JOFFREY DWARD knocks off ROBB DWARF"s wolf helmet.
JOFFREY DWARF: Your head!
SANSA is mortified. JOFFREY laughs hysterically while MARGAERY looks at him, appalled.
ROBB DWARF falls. The crowd applauds. JOFFREY DWARF claims victory.
JOFFREY grabs his golbet.
JOFFREY DWARF feigns sodomizing the wolf head. SANSA is motionless. JOFFREY spits out his wine, laughing.
JOFFREY DWARF: Fine gentlemen.
The players take their bow and the crowd applauds. JOFFREY stands.
JOFFREY: Well fought. Well fought. Here you are. Champion's purse. Though you're not the champion yet, are you? A true champion defeats all the challengers. Surely there are others out there who still dare to challenge my reign. Uncle How about you? I'm sure they have a spare costume.
The crowd laughs. Tyrion stands.
TYRION: One taste of combat was enough for me, Your Grace. I would like to keep what remains of my face. I think you should fight him. This was but a poor imitation of your own bravery on the field of battle. I speak as a firsthand witness. Climb down from the high table with your new Valyrian sword and show everyone how a true king wins his throne. Be careful, though. This one is clearly mad with lust. It would be a tragedy for the king to lose his virtue hours before his wedding night.
TYRION sits, and JOFFREY is angered at his insults. The crowd quiets. JOFFREY walks over and pours his wine on TYRION's head. MARGAERY sits motionless.
TYRION: A fine vintage. Shame that it spilled.
JOFFREY: It did not spill.
MARGAERY: My love, come back to me. It's time for my father's toast.
JOFFREY: Well, how does he expect me to toast without wine? Uncle, you can be my cupbearer seeing as you're too cowardly to fight.
TYRION: Your Grace does me a great honor.
JOFFREY: It's not meant as an honor.
TYRION stands and walks over to JOFFREY, who purposely drops his goblet. As TYRION tried to pick it up, he kicks it away.
JOFFREY:  Bring me my goblet.
TYRION kneels down to get the goblet. SANSA watches JOFFREY. She picks up the goblet and hands it to TYRION. He brings it to JOFFREY.
JOFFREY: What good is an empty cup? Fill it.
TYRION pours wine for JOFFREY in front of CERSEI, and hands it to him.
JOFFREY: Kneel. Kneel before your king.
TYRION does not budge.
JOFFREY: Kneel. I said... kneel!
MARGAERY: (Standing) Look, the pie.
The crowd applauds, and the attention turns to the giant pie carried in by four men.
JOFFREY: My queen.
JOFFREY strides forward, and hews the pie with his sword. To his surprise, doves are released from the pie. He looks triumphant.
MARGAERY: Wonderful. Wonderful. My hero.
The pie is served to the guests.
SANSA:  Can we leave now?
TYRION:  Let's find out.
MARGAERY feeds a forkful of pie to JOFFREY.
JOFFREY: Uncle. Where are you going? You're my cupbearer, remember?
TYRION: I thought I might change out of these wet clothes, Your Grace.
JOFFREY: No, no, no. No, you're perfect the way you are. Serve me my wine.
TYRION looks to SANSA.
JOFFREY: Well, hurry up. This pie is dry.
TYRION and fumes has he gets the goblet for JOFFREY. JOFFREY drinks deeply.
JOFFREY: Mm, good. Needs washing down.
TYRION: If it please Your Grace, Lady Sansa is very tired.
JOFFREY: No. (coughing) No, you'll wait here... un...
JOFFREY grabs his own throat, choking.
TYRION: Your Grace?
JOFFREY: It's nothing.
MARGAERY: He's choking!
OLENNA: Help the poor boy.
JOFFREY turns towards the crowd, choking and staggering.
OLENNA: Idiots, help your king. -
JAIME: Move away!
JAIME runs to JOFFREY, as he vomits.
JAIME: Joffrey! Joffrey!
CERSEI runs to them.
CERSEI:  Help him! Someone help him!
JOFFREY: (gags)
CERSEI: Joffrey!
SER DONTOS: (to SANSA) Come with me now.
CERSEI: Joffrey! Joffrey!
TYRION and MARGAERY watch, aghast. CERSEI and JAIME continue to try to help JOFFREY.
SER DONTOS: If you want to live, we have to leave.
CERSEI: Don't touch him!
JOFFREY gurgles and chokens. His face is turning purple, his eyes glazed, vomit lining his cheeks. He spasms.
CERSEI: Joffrey. Please, Joffrey. Joffrey, what is it? Help him!
Blood streams out of JOFFREY's nose. He convulses painfully. CERSEI cries as she watches him. He reaches a hand out towards TYRION, who at that moment picks up the goblet from before him. JOFFREY gaps a final time as blood continues to stream from his nose, his face a horrid shade of purple. He dies.
CERSEI: My son.
MAN: He's gone. Our king is gone.
CERSEI: He did this. He poisoned my son, your king. Take him. Take him! Take him! Take him!
Two guards grab TYRION. CERSEI looks upon the lifeless body of JOFFREY.
EXT. KING'S LANDING
The wedding banquet for Margaery and Joffrey has turned shocking and horrific. Joffrey lays dead in his mother's lap. Blood pours from his nose and vomit clings around his mouth. Cersei turns to Tyrion.
CERSEI: You did this. You did this!
Three guards grab Tyrion from behind. As Sansa looks on, Ser Dontos Hollard approaches her.
SER DONTOS: We have to leave.
CERSEI: Take him! Take him!
Tyrion is dragged off by guards as Sansa and Ser Dontos rush off through the crowd.
CERSEI: Where is his wife? Where's Sansa?
TYWIN: Find her. Bar the gates of the city. Seize every ship in the harbor.
CERSEI: Where is she?!
TYWIN: No one leaves the capital! No one!
EXT. KINGS LANDING DOCK AT DUSK
A bell tolls as Sansa and Ser Dontos rush down to a small boat, separate from the Harbor.
SER DONTOS: Get in.
SANSA: Where are we going?
SER DONTOS: Somewhere safe.
Sansa and Ser Dontos sail out into the ocean, far from King's Landing.
EXT. MISTY OCEAN AT NIGHT
They come across a huge mysterious ship in the middle of the misty sea. Ser Dontos pulls his smaller boat up alongside it.
SER DONTOS: Up you go, my lady. You'll be fine. You're stronger than you know.
Sansa climbs the latter.
EXT. LITTLEFINGER'S SHIP, MOMENTS LATER
She climbs up a ladder on the side of the ship, as she reaches the top someone grabs her. She gasps before realizing who it is.
SANSA: Lord Baelish?
LITTLEFINGER: Petyr... Are you hurt, my lady?
SANSA: (shakes her head.)
LITTLEFINGER: Good. Good. I'm sure you've had quite a fright. Rest easy. The worst is past.  Ser Dontos shouts up from his boat.
SER DONTOS: Lord Baelish. I promised I'd get her to you safely.
LITTLEFINGER: Softly, my friend... Voices carry over water.
SER DONTOS: I should get back before someone thinks to look for me.  LITTLEFINGER First you'll want your pay. 10,000 was it?
SER DONTOS: 10,000.
Littlefinger clicks his finger and two men with crossbows walk to the edge of the ship. They aim at Ser Dontos.
SER DONTOS: Wait!
Both men shoot at Ser Dontos, he groans in pain before lying dead. Sansa screams and Littlefinger hushes her.
LITTLEFINGER: Shh. You don't want the queen to hear, do you? 1,000 gold cloaks are searching for you. And if they found you, how do you think they would punish the girl who murdered the king?
SANSA: I didn't murder anyone.
LITTLEFINGER: I know. I know. But you must admit it looks suspicious. The king who executed your father, who tormented you for years, and you fled the scene of his murder.
Sansa glances back to Ser Dontos' body.
SANSA: Why did you kill him?
LITTLEFINGER: Because he was a drunk and a fool and I don't trust drunk fools.
SANSA: He saved me.
LITTLEFINGER: Saved you? My lady, he followed my orders. Every one of them. And he did it all for gold. Money buys a man's silence for a time. A bolt in the heart buys it forever.
SANSA: He was helping me because I saved his life.
LITTLEFINGER: Yes, and he gave you a priceless necklace that once belonged to his grandmother. The last legacy of House Hollard.
Littlefinger removes the necklace from around Sansa's neck and places it on the edge of the ship. He pull out a knife and hits one of the "crystals" and it smashes like glass. Sansa, confused, studies him.
LITTLEFINGER: I had it made a few weeks ago. What did I once tell you about the capital?
SANSA: We're all liars here.
Littlefinger pushes the necklace off the edge of the boat and it lands directly on Ser Dontos' lifeless body.
LITTLEFINGER: Come, my lady. I know you've had a difficult day. But you're safe now. I promise you that. You're safe with me and sailing home.
Margaery Tyrell sits at the table with Olenna Tyrell.
MARGAERY: So am I the queen?
OLENNA: More than you were with Renly. Less than you would have been if Joffrey had done you the courtesy of consummating the marriage before dying. In any case, this would not be an opportune moment to press the issue.
MARGAERY: Clawing at his own throat, looking to his mother to make stop... it was horrible.
OLENNA: The world is overflowing with horrible things. But they're all a tray of cakes next to death. They brought me your grandfather's body when he died, you know? Made me look at it.
MARGAERY: What was it like?
OLENNA: They took me to the Great Hall and there he was. The man I'd married and suffered to father my children. A great doughy lump I'd sat next to at endless dinners and tedious gatherings. There he was... lying on a table.
MARGAERY: One of my husbands preferred the company of men and was stabbed through the heart. Another was happiest torturing animals and was poisoned at our wedding feast... I must be cursed.
OLENNA: Nonsense. Your circumstances have improved markedly. You may not have enjoyed watching him die, but you enjoyed it more than you would have enjoyed being married to him, I can promise you that.
MARGAERY: But I would have been the queen.
OLENNA: Our alliance with the Lannisters remains every bit as necessary to them as it is unpleasant for us. You did wonderful work on Joffrey. The next one should be easier.
Joffrey's body is laid on a table in the center on the room. Cersei, Tommen and Tywin and stand around him. Tywin turns to Tommen.
TYWIN: Your brother is dead. Do you know what that means?
Tommen stays quiet.
TYWIN: I'm not trying to trick you.
TOMMEN: It means I'll become king.
TYWIN: Yes, you will become king. What kind of king do you think you'll be?
TOMMEN: A good king?
TYWIN: Mm, I think so as well. You've got the right temperament for it. But what makes a good king? Hmm? What is a good king's single most important quality?
CERSEI: This is hardly the place or the time.
TOMMEN: Holiness?
TYWIN: Hmm. Baelor the Blessed was holy. And pious. He built this sept. He also named a six-year-old boy high septon because he thought the boy could work miracles. He ended up fasting himself into an early grave because food was of this world and this world was sinful.
TOMMEN: Justice.
TYWIN: Yeah. A good king must be just. Orys I was just. Everyone applauded his reforms. Nobles and commoners alike. But he wasn't just for long. He was murdered in his sleep after less than a year by his own brother. Was that truly just of him? To abandon his subjects to an evil that he was too gullible to recognize?
TOMMEN: No.
TYWIN: No.
TOMMEN: What about strength?
TYWIN: Yes. Strength. King Robert was strong. He won the rebellion and crushed the Targaryen dynasty. And he attended three small council meetings in 17 years. He spent his time whoring and hunting and drinking until the last two killed him. So, we have a man who starves himself to death, a man who lets his own brother murder him, and a man who thinks that winning and ruling are the same thing. What do they all lack?
TOMMEN: Wisdom.
TYWIN: Yes!
TOMMEN: Wisdom is what makes a good king.
TYWIN: Yes. But what is wisdom? Hmm? A house with great wealth and fertile lands asks you for your protection against another house with a strong Navy that could one day oppose you. How do you know which choice is wise and which isn't? You've any experience of treasuries and granaries or shipyards and soldiers?
TOMMEN: No.
TYWIN: No. Of course not. A wise king knows what he knows and what he doesn't. You're young. A wise young king listens to his counselors and heeds their advice until he comes of age. And the wisest kings continue to listen to them long afterwards... Your brother was not a wise king. Your brother was not a good king. If he had been, perhaps he'd still be alive. Now, as the king, you will have to marry. Do you understand why?
Tywin and Tommen begin walking up the steps to leave the Sept.
TOMMEN: A king needs a queen.
TYWIN: Yes, but why? To further the family line. Do you know how that happens?
TOMMEN: Yes.
TYWIN: Yes, but has anyone explained the details to you?
TOMMEN: I don't think so. It's all relatively straightforward.
JAIME enters.
JAIME: How are you?
TOMMEN:  I'm all right.
JAIME:You are. You will be. I'll see to that.
TYWIN and TOMMEN exit.
JAIME: Please give the queen a moment alone with her son.
HIGH SEPTON: Yes, my lord. All of you.
The High Septon snaps his fingers and the priests exit.
CERSEI: It was Tyrion. He killed him. He told me he would. "A day will come when you think you are safe and happy and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth." That's what he said to me. You saw it. You saw Joff point at him just before he...
JAIME: I don't know what I saw.
CERSEI: Avenge him. Avenge our son. Kill Tyrion.
JAIME: Tyrion's my brother. Our brother. There'll be a trial. We'll get to the truth of what happened.
CERSEI: I don't want a trial. He'll squirm his way to freedom given the chance. I want him dead. (CRYING) Please, Jaime. You have to. He was our son. Our baby boy.
JAIME consoles CERSEI. They kiss. CERSEI steps back and gasps.
JAIME: You're a hateful woman. Why have the gods made me love a hateful woman?
JAIME grabs CERSEI and forcefully kisses her. He presses against her.
CERSEI: Jaime, not here, please. Please.
JAIME rips at her dress. They end up tangled on the floor by the altar.
CERSEI: Stop it. Stop it. Stop.
JAIME: No.
CERSEI: Stop it. Stop.
She continues to resist, but her resolve is weakening. They kiss, and JAIME brings her to the ground and forces himself on her.
CERSEI: Stop.  Stop. It's not right.
JAIME: (GRUNTS)
CERSEI: It's not right. It's not right.
JAIME:  I don't care.
CERSEI: (CRYING)  Don't.
JAIME: I don't care.
CERSEI: Don't. Jaime, don't.
JAIME: I don't care.
EXT: RIVERLANDS AT NIGHT
Thunder rumbles as the HOUND relieves himself and ARYA plucks the leaves from a plant.
ARYA: Gonna rain soon. Where are we?
HOUND: Near Fairmarket, I think.
ARYA: You think? You don't have a map?
HOUND: No, I don't have a map.
ARYA: Maybe we should get one.
HOUND: Just point out the next map shop you see and I'll buy you one.
ARYA: How far is it to the Eyrie?
HOUND: Far.
ARYA: And you're sure we're going the right way?
The HOUND feed his mount some water.
HOUND: Believe me, girl, I want you there as soon as I can. Get my gold, be on my way.
ARYA: On your way where?
HOUND:  Why do you care? Might book passage across the Narrow Sea. Fight as a sellsword. Second Sons, could be. Seems like a good fit for me.
ARYA: I'd like to see Braavos one day.
HOUND: Why Braavos?
ARYA: I have friends there.
HOUND:  I doubt it.
FARMER HAMLET: Seven blessings to you.
FARMER HAMLET and SALLY sit in their wagon above them.
HOUND:  What do you want?
FARMER HAMLET: What do I want? This is my land.
HOUND:  If I'm standing on it, it's my land.
ARYA: We were just watering the horses. We'll be on our way. Forgive my father. He was wounded fighting in the war. Our cottage burned down while he was gone and my mother with it.
FARMER HAMLET: (nods)
ARYA: He's never been the same.
FARMER HAMLET: Which house did he fight for?
ARYA: The Tullys of Riverrun.
FARMER HAMLET: There's a storm coming. You'll be wanting a roof tonight. There's fresh hay in the barn. And Sally here makes rabbit stew just like her mom used to do. We don't have much, but any man that bled for House Tully is welcome to it.
CUT TO: FARMER'S HOME.
Thunder rumbles and the rain patters. FARMER HAMLET and SALLY host ARYA and the HOUND for dinner.
FARMER HAMLET: We ask the Father to judge us with mercy accepting our human frailty. We ask the Mother to bless our crops so we may feed ourselves and all who come to our door. We ask the Warrior to give us courage in these days of strife and turmoil. We ask the Maiden to protect Sally's virtue to keep her from the clutches of depravity.
HOUND: You got to do all seven of the fuckers?
ARYA: Father!
FARMER HAMLET: We ask the Smith to strengthen our hands and our backs so we may finish the work required of us. We ask the Crone to guide us on our journey from darkness to darkness.
HOUND: And we ask the Stranger not to kill us in our beds tonight for no damn reason at all.
The HOUND impatiently grabs the pot and pours himself some soup.
ARYA: I'm so sorry.
The HOUND and ARYA slurp hungrily. FARMER HAMLET and SALLY watch, a bit appalled at their manners.
ARYA: Really good.
FARMER HAMLET: Did you fight at the Twins?
HOUND: Call that a fight? Slaughtering livestock more like.
FARMER HAMLET: The Red Wedding they're calling it. Walder Frey committed sacrilege that day. He shared bread and salt with the Starks. He offered them guest right.
HOUND: Guest right don't mean much anymore.
FARMER HAMLET: It means something to me. The gods will have their vengeance. Frey will burn in the seventh hell for what he did. Things were different when Hoster Tully ruled the Riverlands. We had good years and bad years, same as anyone. But we were safe. Now with the Freys, raiders come plundering, steal our food, steal our silver. I was gonna send Sally north to stay with my brother, but the north's no better. The whole country's gone sour.
HOUND: You got any ale?
FARMER HAMLET:  Afraid not.
HOUND: How can a man not keep ale in his home?
FARMER HAMLET:  You look like you could really swing that sword. A real warrior with proper training. Those raiders wouldn't stand a chance against you. How would it be if you stayed on till the new moon? I could use a man to help with the farmwork. Sally does what she can, but she can't lift a bale of hay. And if any thieves came looking for easy pickings, one look at you, I'd bet they'd run the other way. Meaning no offense.
HOUND: What'll you pay? I don't have much. But I have hidden a bit of silver from the bandits. Fair wages for fair work?
HOUND: (Nods) Fair wages for fair work.
Chickens cluck as ARYA sleeps in the hay. Faint voices argue. A punch lands, a man groans and a girl screams.
EXT: BARN
ARYA leaves the barn and strides towards the HOUND, FARMER HAMLET and SALLY. The farmer lies on the ground and SALLY tends him. The HOUND has taken something and is walking away.
ARYA: What did you do?!
HOUND:  Get your horse saddled.
ARYA: You told me you weren't a thief.
HOUND: I wasn't.
ARYA: He took us in. He fed us and you...
HOUND: Aye, he took us in. He's a good man and his daughter makes a nice stew. And they'll both be dead come winter.
ARYA: You don't know that.
HOUND: I do know it. He's weak. He can't protect himself. They'll both be dead come winter. Dead men don't need silver.
ARYA: You're the worst shit in the Seven Kingdoms.
HOUND: There's plenty worse than me. I just understand the way things are. How many Starks they got to behead before you figure it out?
Two rangers walk through the courtyard, taking account of the new recruits.
RANGER: Raper. Raper. Horse thief. Ninth born son. Raper. Thief. Thief and raper.
SAM passes them and encounters ALLISER THORNE and JANOS SLYNT at the stairwell.
ALLISER THORNE: There he is, Sam the Slayer.
JANOS SLYNT: Going to visit your wildling whore?
SAM: She's not a whore.
JANOS SLYNT: No? Maybe I'll give her a copper tonight and find out.
INT.: CASTLE BLACK
GILLY lets SAM into the room.
SAM: They all think I'm lying.
GILLY: About what?
SAM: Killing the white Walker.
GILLY:  You're not lying. I'll never forget the way it screamed.
GILLY touches LITTLE SAM.
SAM: But you're the only one that saw it. And they all think you're just a...
GILLY:  A what?
SAM: Well, a wildling.
GILLY: My father hated that word.
SAM: It's not a very nice word, I suppose.
GILLY:  I don't know. It makes me sound a bit dangerous, doesn't it?
SAM sits next to her to help with the plucking.
SAM: So... are you all right? No one bothering you?
GILLY: I get a lot of looks. I hear them making their jokes. But no one's touched me if that's what you mean.
SAM: I worry about it sometimes. All the time.
GILLY: Why do you worry about it?
SAM: 100 men, one woman.
GILLY: They've got other things to think about.
SAM: That's the only thing they think about.
GILLY: You're being silly.
SAM:  I'm not being silly. There's 100 men lying awake at night picturing you.
GILLY: What about you?
SAM: What about me? Gilly? I worry about you.
GILLY:  Thank you.
SAM: For what?
GILLY: For worrying about me.
SAM: I don't know if you're safe here. They're my brothers, but some of them were thieves before they came here. Some of them were rapers. You saw what they did at your father's keep.
GILLY: So what are you saying?
SAM: Maybe you'd be safer in Mole's Town.
GILLY: Are you bored of me?
SAM: Bored of you? I... I want to protect you.
GILLY:  I'll get these to Hobb. Keep an eye on little Sam.
GILLY picks up the chickens and exits. SAM tends to LITTLE SAM.
INT. DRAGONSTONE AT NIGHT
STANNIS stands looking at the storm. DAVOS enters.
DAVOS: Your Grace.
STANNIS: You're a literary man now. What do you make of that?
DAVOS picks up a scroll and struggles to read it.
DAVOS: Joffrey?
STANNIS: The usurper Joffrey Baratheon. I said those words when I tossed a leech into the fire. A leech filled with bastard blood. A bastard you set free. I am now faced with a great opportunity and I am powerless to take advantage of it.
DAVOS: I will find you an army, Your Grace. I've been working day and night...
STANNIS: What progress have you made?
While DAVOS names houses, STANNIS picks up pieces from the war table, snaps them and discards them.
DAVOS: I've rallied House Peasebury to your 'cause.
STANNIS: House Peasebury.
DAVOS: House Musgood.
STANNIS:  House Musgood.
DAVOS: And House Haigh.
STANNIS: House Haigh. They don't have enough men between them to raid a pantry.
DAVOS: Westeros is not the world, Your Grace. We need to look east for ships and men. 10,000 skilled soldiers fight for the Golden Company.
STANNIS:  The Golden Company?
DAVOS: They've never broken a contract.
STANNIS: They're sellswords.
DAVOS: We're willing to use blood magic to put you on the throne, but we're not willing to pay men to fight? Now the Red Woman's magic is real. Her visions and prophecies may be, too, but I've never heard of visions and prophecies winning a war. Soldiers win wars. Soldiers on the ground. It's dirty on the ground.
STANNIS: We don't have any gold.
DAVOS: Not yet.
STANNIS:  If I do not press my claim, my claim will be forgotten. I will not become a page in someone else's history book. I'm running out of time, Ser Davos. Which means you're running out of time. -
INT DRAGONSTONE, SHIREEN's room.
DAVOS knocks and enters.
SHIREEN: You're late.
DAVOS: I'm sorry, Princess.
SHIREEN: I thought you weren't coming.
DAVOS: The Hand of the King doesn't have much leisure time.
SHIREEN: You won't be a very good Hand if you see the word knight and say "ka-nigit."
DAVOS: That happened once, weeks ago. You're your father's daughter, no mistake. Bloody relentless, the both of you.
SHIREEN: It's a new one today. Lots of tricky words. But I think you can manage.
DAVOS sits and takes up a book to practice reading.
SHIREEN:  You'll never read well if you move your lips. That's how children do it.
DAVOS: "The Life and Adventures of Elyo Grivas. First Sword of Braavos."
SHIREEN claps.
DAVOS: Thank you very much.
SHIREEN: I like this one. It's full of sword fights and pirates. You were a pirate once.
DAVOS: No, I was never a pirate. I was a smuggler.
SHIREEN: What's the difference?
DAVOS: Well, if you're a famous smuggler, you're not doing it right.
SHIREEN: My father says a criminal is a criminal.
DAVOS: Your father lacks an appreciation of the finer points of bad behavior. So do the Braavosi.
SHIREEN: You've sailed to Braavos?
DAVOS:  Of course. Almost got beheaded by a First Sword of Braavos. I tried to explain to him the difference between pirates and smugglers, but he didn't seem any more interested in the distinction than your father. I suppose if you work for the Iron Bank of Braavos and each one of your gold barges is worth half a kingdom, you tend not to be overly concerned with the kind of distinction...
DAVOS has an inspired thought. He gets up, paces and then kisses SHIREEN on the forehead.
SHIREEN:  What was that for?
DAVOS:  I need you to write a message.
SHIREEN: You should write it yourself. It's good practice.
DAVOS: It's too important for me. I need a smart person to do it. Go on.
He hands her a quill and scroll. She begins to write.
DAVOS: To the offices of the Iron Bank of Braavos from Stannis Baratheon the one true king of Westeros.
SHIREEN: But that's not you.
DAVOS: I need to get their attention. Go on. Write.
EXT: MOLE'S TOWN
SAM, GILLY and LITTLE SAM ride a cart through the busy town. LITTLE SAM coos.
SAM: He's seen some adventures, hasn't he?
INT. MOLE'S TOWN INN
SAM, GILLY and LITTLE SAM enter the tavern. A MOLE'S TOWN WHORE approaches GILLY while SAM talks to the MOLE'S TOWN MADAM.
MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: Precious little thing.
GILLY: Thank you.
MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: What's his name?
GILLY: Sam.
MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: Lovely. That the daddy?
GILLY: No.
MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: Where's the daddy?
GILLY: He's dead.
MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: Oh. Where you from?
GILLY: North of here.
MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: North of here? You a fucking wildling?
MOLE'S TOWN MADAM: Only room and board?
SAM: That's right. She'll clean and cook and look after the other girls' babies.
MOLE'S TOWN MADAM: Could find other work for her, too.
SAM: No other work.
MOLE'S TOWN MADAM: There'd be money. Give you a piece of it.
SAM: No other work.
INT. MOLE'S TOWN BROTHEL BACK ROOM
SAM: I promise to come back and visit whenever I can. You'll be safer here. Who's gonna protect you at Castle Black? Me?
GILLY: You protected me north of the Wall.
SAM: This is different. They're brothers of the Night's Watch and I can't just stab them in the back and I can't run away, which is what we did at Craster's.
LITTLE SAM cries
SAM: You have to trust me. It's for the best.
GILLY puts LITTLE SAM down.
GILLY: Best for you.
SAM: Oh, Gilly. Please don't.
LITTLE SAM cries and GILLY tends him. SAM exits
INT. KING'S LANDING
ELLARIA, MAREI, a WHORE, OBERYN and OLYVAR  are engaged in passionate sex. ELLARIA turns her attention from MAREI to OLYVAR.
OBERYN: Greedy.
ELLARIA kissed OLYVAR deeply, but he does not return her ardor.
ELLARIA: No?
OLYVAR: I'm sorry. You're lovely, I just never acquired the taste.
OBERYN: You're calling my beauty an acquired taste?
ELLARIA: That's quite all right, lover. It's more for you.
OBERYN: Your loss.
OBERYN takes a drink.
OLYVAR: You like them both the same? Boys and girls?
OBERYN: Does that surprise you?
OLYVAR: Everyone has a preference.
OBERYN: Then everyone is missing half the world's pleasure. The gods made that and it delights me. The gods made this and it delights me. When it comes to war, I fight for Dorne. When it comes to love, I don't choose sides.
OLYVAR: I hope I have as much stamina when I'm your age.
OBERYN: What are you, 25?
ELLARIA: Children.
OBERYN:  (CHUCKLES) Someday, if you're lucky, you will wake up and realize you are old. That pretty ass of yours will sag. Your belly will grow soft and your back will ache in the night and gray hairs will sprout from your ears. No one will want you anymore. Make sure you fucked your fill before that day.
OLYVAR: Did you?
ELLARIA: He is a prince of Dorne. Girls and boys will line up to fuck him till the day he dies.
OBERYN: They will all have to line up behind you.
A door opens. TYWIN enters.
TYWIN:  Prince Oberyn.
OBERYN: Lord Tywin.
TYWIN: May we have the room?
ELLARIA: Call my name if you need me, lover.
OLYVAR, MAREI, the WHORE and ELLARIA exit
OBERYN: Would you like to sit?
TYWIN: No, thank you.
OBERYN: Some wine?
TYWIN: No, thank you.
OBERYN dresses and pours some wine.
OBERYN:  I'm sorry about your grandson.
TYWIN: Are you?
OBERYN: I don't believe that a child is responsible for the sins of his father. Or his grandfather. An awful way to die.
TYWIN: Which way is that?
OBERYN: Are you interrogating me, Lord Tywin?
TYWIN: Some believe the king choked.
OBERYN: Some believe the sky is blue because we live inside the eye of a blue-eyed giant. The king was poisoned.
TYWIN: I hear you studied poisons at the Citadel.
OBERYN: I did. This is why I know.
TYWIN: Your hatred for my family is rather well known. You arrive at the capital, an expert in poisoning, some days later my grandson dies of poisoning.
OBERYN: Rather suspicious. Why haven't you thrown me in a dungeon?
TYWIN: You spoke with Tyrion in this very brothel on the day that you arrived. What did you discuss?
OBERYN: You think we conspired together?
TYWIN: What did you discuss?
OBERYN: The death of my sister.
TYWIN: For which you blame me.
OBERYN: She was raped and murdered by the Mountain. The Mountain follows your orders. Of course I blame you.
TYWIN: Here I stand unarmed, unguarded. Should I be concerned?
OBERYN: You are unarmed and unguarded because you know me better than that. I am a man of reason. If I cut your throat today, I will be drawn and quartered tomorrow.
TYWIN: Men at war commit all kinds of crimes without their superiors' knowledge.
OBERYN: So you deny involvement in Elia's murder?
TYWIN: Categorically.
OBERYN: I would like to speak with the Mountain.
TYWIN: I'm sure he would enjoy speaking with you.
OBERYN: He might not enjoy it as much as he thinks he would.
TYWIN: I could arrange for this meeting.
OBERYN: But you want something in return.
TYWIN: There will be a trial for my son. And as custom dictates, three judges will render a verdict. I will preside. Mace Tyrell will serve as the second judge. I would like you to be the third.
OBERYN: Why?
TYWIN: Not long ago, the Tyrells sided with Renly Baratheon. Declared themselves enemies of the throne. Now they are our strongest allies.
OBERYN: Well, you made the Tyrell girl a queen. Asking me to judge at your son's trial isn't quite as tempting.
TYWIN: I will also invite you to sit on the small council to serve as one of the new king's principal advisors.
OBERYN: I never realized you had such respect for Dorne, Lord Tywin.
TYWIN: We are not the Seven Kingdoms until Dorne returns to the fold. The king is dead. The Greyjoys are in open rebellion. A wildling army marches on the Wall. And in the East, a Targaryen girl has three dragons. Before long, she will turn her eyes to Westeros. Only the Dornish managed to resist Aegon Targaryen and his dragons.
OBERYN: You're saying you need us? That must be hard for you to admit.
TYWIN: We need each other. You help me serve justice to the king's assassins and I will help you serve justice to Elia's.
OBERYN considers
INT. KING'S LANDING JAIL CELL
TYRION sits on the floor. The door unlocks and PODRICK enters.
TYRION: Podrick. Apologies for the stench.
PODRICK: I brought you some wine, my lord, but they took it from me.
TYRION: A noble effort.
PODRICK: They didn't find the candles, though. A quill, some parchment, duck sausage, almonds, and some hard cheese.
TYRION: You're a good lad. Any word of Shae?
PODRICK: I've heard nothing, my lord.
TYRION: I suppose that's a good thing. What are they saying about me out there?
PODRICK: You're to stand trial in a fortnight for murdering the king.
TYRION: Do you believe I murdered Joffrey?
PODRICK: No, my lord. You didn't?
TYRION: No. Gods, no. The world is a better place without him, but I had nothing to do with it. I would like to think if I were arranging a royal assassination, I'd plan it in such a way that I wouldn't be standing there gawking like a fool when the king died. Trial in a fortnight. Have they announced the judges yet?
PODRICK: Your father.
TYRION: Of course.
PODRICK: Mace Tyrell.
TYRION: Who will vote exactly as my father tells him to vote.
PODRICK: And Prince Oberyn of Dorne.
TYRION: Oberyn? Give it to my father. He never fails to take advantage of a family tragedy.
PODRICK: I'm supposed to get a list of names from you, my lord. Anyone who might testify on your behalf.
TYRION: Oh, I can call my own witnesses? How generous of them. Very well, my wife. Sansa.
PODRICK: My lord, she's gone.
TYRION: Gone?
PODRICK: No one's seen her since the wedding. You don't think she...
TYRION: No one had more 'cause to kill Joffrey than Sansa, but the girl is no assassin. Whoever killed the king wanted me to lose my head for it. And with my wife's disappearance, it makes me seem that much more guilty. Podrick.
PODRICK: Yes, my lord?
TYRION: They'll be following you now.
PODRICK: Who will?
TYRION: I don't know. They. They. The ominous they. The man pulling the strings. Or woman. My father. Maybe Joffrey was too much work for him. Sweet Tommen will be so much easier to handle. Whenever something bad happens to me, I assume it's my sister that had a hand in it. But say what you will of Cersei, she loves her children. She is the only one I'm certain had nothing to do with this murder. Which makes it unique as King's Landing murders go.
PODRICK: Any other witnesses, my lord?
TYRION: Varys could vouch for me if he dared.
PODRICK: He's already been called as a witness for the queen.
TYRION: Of course. Fetch Bronn. I have a job for him.
PODRICK: I've already asked, my lord. They won't let him see you.
TYRION: Why not?
PODRICK: They say he's a known cutthroat and your close associate. He's under investigation himself.
TYRION: And my brother? Will they at least allow me to see Jaime?
PODRICK: I'll ask, my lord.
PODRICK stands to go, but hesitates.
PODRICK: There's something else, my lord. A man, I didn't know his face, he came to ask if I'd testify against you. Said I'd be named Ser Podrick Payne if I told the judges you'd bought a poison called the Strangler.
TYRION: Ser Podrick Payne? Has a nice ring to it. What did you tell him?
PODRICK: I didn't tell them anything, my lord.
TYRION: Are you going to accept their offer?
PODRICK: My lord.
TYRION: Testifying against me wasn't a suggestion. If they can't tempt you with honey, they'll choose something less sweet.
PODRICK: You've been good to me, my lord.
TYRION: Pod, the trial's in a fortnight. They'll want an answer before that.
PODRICK: I already gave them an answer, my lord.
TYRION: I will not have you dying on my behalf. Do you hear me? If I have to take that long walk to the executioner's block, I don't want to see your head already mounted.
PODRICK: My lord.
TYRION: Pod, I am giving you an order. Go and find my brother. Tell him I need him. And get yourself out of King's Landing before it's too late. Pod! This is farewell.
PODRICK: Farewell, my lord.
PODRICK nods and opens the door.
TYRION: Pod. There has never lived a more loyal squire.
PODRICK bows his head as he exits.
EXT: THE NORTH
A bustling small village south of the wall. OLLY and GUYMON walk together
OLLY: Mother says it's time to eat.
GUYMON: What's she got boiling? Wait. Wait. Let me guess.
OLLY: Potatoes.
GUYMON: Potatoes. Well, no one boils a potato better than your mom. Has she got...
An arrow whistles through the air and pierces OLLY'S FATHER's neck. He falls dead. YGRITTE is the archer, and she is resolute and angry.
MAN: The wildlings!
OLLY'S MOTHER notices that GUYMON has fallen. She runs to him and OLLY. She finds him lifeless.
OLLY'S MOTHER: Guymon! (to OLLY) Hide. Hide!
OLLY runs as OLLY'S MOTHER cradles to body. The Thenns and wildlings attack, and she is hewn by the war axe of STYR. The Wildings take the village as OLLY runs for his life. TORMUND attacks brtutally with his sword. YGRITTE shoots down a villiager attacking him from behind. He falls, and TORMUND slits his throat. YGRITTE draws her sword and joins the melee
Meanwhile, OLLY hides under a wagon with some chickens. He watches YGRITTE, whimpering. Suddenly, he is pulled from behind, and a Thenn brings him to STYR.
STYR: You know how to get to Castle Black?
OLLY: Yes. Yes.
STYR puts OLLY over his shoulder and begins walking. He shows OLLY how the Thenns are butchering his parents.
STYR: Those your parents? Open your eyes. I'm going to eat them. Do you hear me? I'm going to eat your dead mama and I'm going to eat your dead papa. Go tell the crows at Castle Black.
STYR releases him, and OLLY runs.
INT. CASTLE BLACK MAIN HALL
The rangers are gathered in the hall and YARWICK speaks. OLLY stands next to JON.
YARWYCK: We need to teach them a lesson about the way we deal with their kind.
MEN: Aye! Aye!
YARWYCK: Three dozen bodies with slit throats tossed off the top of the Wall. Seems like that would be a good lesson.
MEN: Aye!
ALLISER THORNE: If we go after them, we'll be giving them what they want. They want to draw us out, pick us off a few at a time.
MAESTER AEMON: We have just over 100 men. And that's including stewards and builders. And me. We can't afford to lose a single man. We must remember our first responsibility. We are the watchers on the Wall.
PYP: There's got to be a way to protect them.
ALLISER THORNE: You're a champion of the common people, Lord Snow. What do you say to Brother Pyp's proposition?
JON: Mance Rayder is coming. If the wildlings breach the Wall, they'll roll over everything and everyone for 1,000 Miles before they reach an army that can stop them.
ALLISER THORNE: We need to shore up Castle Black and we need to defend the Wall. That is our job.
A horn blows. (HORN BLOWS)
PYP: Rangers returning.
INT. THE GATE TO THE WALL
The heavy gate is opening, showing winter beyond. JON, PYP and the rangers help DOLOROUS EDD and GRENN.
JON: Help him.
DOLOROUS EDD: Thought you'd have blue eyes by now.
CUT TO: The courtyard.
JON helps DOLOROUS EDD and GRENN to the courtyard. ALLISER THORN and JANOS SLYNT walk up
ALLISER THORN: What took you so long?
GRENN: We were held up.
ALLISER THORN: By what?
GRENN: Chains.
DOLOROUS EDD: We were guests of the mutineers at Craster's Keep.
JON: And the mutineers stayed?
DOLOROUS EDD: They're not going anywhere. They've got Craster's food and his wives. Poor girls. Never thought they'd miss their daddy. Karl's running things now. He's the one who put a knife through Craster's mouth.
JON: We need to ride north and kill them all.
ALLISER THORN: We just went over this, boy. -Justice can wait.
JON:  It's not about justice. I told the wildlings we had over 1,000 men at Castle Black alone. Karl and the others know the truth as well as we do. How long do you think they'll keep that information to themselves when the wildlings are peeling their fingernails off? Mance has all he needs to crush us, he just doesn't know it yet. As soon as he gets his hands on them, he will. Then he'll throw his full strength at us. And even if every one of us kills 100 wildlings, there's still not a thing we can do to stop them.
PYP: I don't think I can kill 100 wildlings.
EXT: ESSOS
The unsullied march towards Meereen. DAENERYS, JORAH, SER BARRISTAN, MISSANDEI and DAARIO NAHARYS ride alongside. The riders dismount at the main gate while the unsullied stand at attention. The Meereen  citifolk watch from atop the walls.murmuring. The main door opens.
DAENERYS: Are they attacking?
JORAH: A single rider. A champion of Meereen. They want you to send your own champion against him.
A single rider advances, and the crowd cheers. He halts horse to the side of DAENERYS's band. He dismounts.
CHAMPION:  (SPEAKING VALYRIAN)
DAENERYS: What is he doing?
BARRISTAN SELMY: I believe he means to...
The CHAMPION urinates towards DAENERYS. The crowd laughs and cheers.
MISSANDEI: He says that we're an army of men without man parts. He claims you are no woman at all, but a man who... hides his cock in his own asshole.
BARRISTAN SELMY: Ignore him, Your Grace. These are meaningless words.
JORAH: They're not meaningless if half the city you intend to take is listening to them.
CHAMPION: (CONTINUES SPEAKING VALYRIAN)
DAENERYS: I have something to say to the people of Meereen. First, I will need this one to be quiet. Do I have a champion?
GREY WORM: (SPEAKING VALYRIAN) Allow me this honor, mother of dragons. I will not disappoint you.
DAEYNERYS: (valyrian) You are the commander of the Unsullied. I cannot risk you.
BARRISTAN SELMY: Your Grace, I've won more single combats than any man alive.
DAENERYS: Which is why you must remain by my side.
JORAH: I've been by your side longer than any of them, Khaleesi. Let me stand for you today as well.
DAENERYS: You are my most trusted advisor, my most valued general, and my dearest friend. I will not gamble with your life.
DAARIO: I was the last to join your army. I'm not your general or a member of your Queensguard or the commander of your Unsullied. My mother was a whore. I come from nothing. And before long, I will return to nothing. Let me kill this man for you.
DAENERYS: Very well. You have quite an audience. Make it worth their while.
MISSANDEI: He is very brave, Your Grace.
DAENERYS: Yes, win or lose, as long as the whole city is watching.
A squire helps the mounted CHAMPION arm himself. DAENERYS walks up to DAARIO.
DAENERYS: You sure you don't want a horse?
DAARIO: Why would I want a horse?
DAENERYS: Horses are faster than men.
DAARIO: Horses are dumber than men.
DAENERYS steps back and the CHAMPION charges. DAARIO turns to wink at DAENERYS. The CHAMPION closes in and DAARIO draws his dagger, holds it on his shoulder and kisses it. He then launches it at the charging CHAMPION, burying the blade in his horse's forehead. The horse falls in the sand, the CHAMPION rolling away. As he rises, DAARIO dispatches him with a single blow to the neck. He nods to DAENERYS.
The Meeren crowd is shocked. An order is given, and scores of archers on the wall fire at DAENERYS's band. The arrows plant in front of them. DAARIO urinates in response. DAENERYS paces and the Unsullied turn at attention.
DAENERYS: (valyrian) I am Daenerys Stormborn.
The crowd quiets.
DAENERYS: (valyrian) Your Masters may have told you lies about me, or they may have told you nothing. It does not matter. I have nothing to say to them. Only to you. First I went to Astapor. Those who were slaves in Astapor now stand behind me, free. Next I went to Yunkai. Those who were slaves in Yunkai now stand behind me, free. Now I have come to Meereen. I am not your enemy. Your enemy is beside you.
The Meereen inhabitants start to move away from the wall, while the Meereen soldiers face outside the wall. The Meereen slaves listen carefully to DAENERYS, while their masters become uncomfortable.
DAENERYS: Your enemy steals and murders your children. Your enemy has nothing for you but chains and suffering and commands. I do not bring commands. I bring you a choice. And I bring your enemies what they deserve. Forward!
The Unsullied move the seige weapons forward. The slaves are emboldened and the inhabitants are taken aback.
DAENERYS: Fire!
The unsullied fire the catapults. Cylindrical logs spin through the air and shatter on the sides of buildings, raining down the empty manacles inside. Civilians and slaves duck as the contents fall among them. A SLAVE picks up an empty choker and looks back at his fearful master.
EXT. MEEREEN AT NIGHT
A Tent outside of Meereen.
MISSANDEI is teaching GREY WORM how to read by a fire.
GREY WORM: My name is Grey Worm. I come from the Summer "Ills."
MISSANDEI: Isles. Summer Isles.
GREY WORM: Summer Isles. (speaks Valyrian)
MISSANDEI: (speaks Valyrian) I am from an island called Naath.
GREY WORM: (speaks Valyrian) When they took you?
MISSANDEI: "When did they take me?" I was five years old.
GREY WORM: You remember your home?
MISSANDEI: I remember when they rowed us away from shore. How white the beaches were. How tall the trees. And I remember my village burning. Smoke rising into the sky. Do you remember your home?
GREY WORM: (Shakes his head.) Unsullied. Always Unsullied. Before Unsullied, nothing.
MISSANDEI: That's not true. Perhaps one day you will return to the Summer Isles.
GREY WORM: I don't want return. (Speaks Valyrian.)
MISSANDEI: Kill the masters.
GREY WORM: Kill the masters.
DAENERYS and BARRISTAN SELMY enter. They stand
DAENERYS: How are the lessons coming?
MISSANDEI: Very well, Your Grace.
GREY WORM: Missandei is teacher good, my queen.
DAENERYS:  You'll have to continue later. It's time.
DAENERYS and BARRISTAN SELMY exit, followed by GREY WORM.
EXT. MEEREEN.
Overhead, the shadow of a flying dragon soars in the moonlight. On the ground, the Unsullied run through the rocky landscape. They strain to open a gate in the rockface. GREY WORM lights a torch as do the other Unsullied. They travel through the sewer tunnel.
CUT TO: Meereen slave's quarters.
Many slaves are gathered in the dark chamber, seating and standing.
MOSSADOR: (speaking Valyrian.) You heard her! She said she came to free us.
ELDER MEEREEN SLAVE:  (speaking Valyrian.)  You are a fool. The masters are too strong.
MOSSADOR: (speaking Valyrian.) She will protect us. She defeated the masters' champion.
The slaves look at one another.
MOSSADOR: (speaking Valyrian.) She has a great army. You want to live the rest of your days in chains?
MEEREEN SLAVE:  (speaking Valyrian.) I want to live. You saw what they did to those children. What do you think they'll do to us?
ELDER MEEREEN SLAVE: (speaking Valyrian.) I've been through two slave revolts, boy. They always end the same way: the Masters in power and the slaves dead.
GREY WORM and the Unsullied enter.
GREY WORM: (speaking Valyrian.)  All men must die.
The slaves are surprised to see them. ELDER MEEREEN SLAVE and MOSSADOR stand.
GREY WORM: (speaking Valyrian.) But I promise you, a single day of freedom is worth more than a lifetime in chains.
ELDER MEEREEN SLAVE: (speaking Valyrian.) Who are you?
GREY WORM: (speaking Valyrian.) This one is called Grey Worm. I was taken as a baby by the Masters of Astapor, raised and trained as Unsullied. Now I fight for Daenerys, the Mother of Dragons and Breaker of Chains.
ELDER MEEREEN SLAVE: (speaking Valyrian.) You are Unsullied? They taught you how to fight before you could walk. We are not soldiers.
MEEREEN SLAVE:  (speaking Valyrian.) We have no training, weapons.
GREY WORM and the other Unsullied remove their bundles from around their shoulders. The weapons clank as they hit the ground. The salves gather round, and a few tentatively pick up some swords.
GREY WORM: (speaking Valyrian.) There are three slaves in this city for every Master. No one can give you your freedom, brothers. If you want it, you must take it.
EXT. Meereen streets at night
GREAT MASTER #1 and two guards  walk the empty streets. They encounter some grafitti reading "Kill the Masters."
GREAT MASTER #1: (Curses in Valyrian.)
They look up to a high tower where a Targaryen flag is waving. Suddenly, a mob of slaves comes running at them. The guards run, leaving GREAT MASTER #1 to his own devices. He tries to flee, but more slaves pour around each corner. The slaves shout and set upon him.
EXT. Meereen streets at day
DAENERYS walks among the cheering slaves, flanked by children.
SLAVES: Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa!
DAENERYS, JORAH and BARRISTAN SELMY walk down the steps on the cliff, surrounded by cheering slaves.
SLAVES: Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa! Mhysa!
They ascend to the overlook, joining GREY WORM and the Unsullied.
SLAVES: Mhysa! Mhysa!
DAENERYS: Remind me, Ser Jorah, how many children did the Great Masters nail to mileposts?
JORAH: 163, Khaleesi.
DAENERYS: Yes, that was it.
DAENERYS looks to GREY WORM, who gives a nod to  UNSULLIED #1.
UNSULLIED #1: (shouts in Valyrian.)
The Unsullied march forth, pressing the citizens of Meereen.
BARRISTAN SELMY: Your Grace, may I have a word? The city is yours. All these people,they're your subjects now. Sometimes it is better to answer injustice with mercy.
DAENERYS: I will answer injustice with justice.
CUT TO: The shores of Meeeen.
An Unsullied nails a Meereen citizen to a cross. Others scream. They line the path up the mountainside, each with one hand nailed to the post, pointing the way. The citizens watch. DAENERYS stands on a platform above, surveying the city, under the Targaryen flag. The screams echo.
EXT. King's Landing.
BRONN and JAIME spar by the sea. JAIME attacks and BRONN parries. JAIME pauses, panting and spins his sword. His skills have improved. They exchange attacks. BRONN presses JAIME, and they deadlock. BRONN grabs JAIME's golden hand and swats him across the face. JAIME falls to the ground.
JAIME: What the hell was that?
BRONN: That was me knocking your ass to the dirt with your own hand.
BRONN tosses JAIME back his hand.
JAIME: You're a rare talent. When you're fighting cripples, anyway.
BRONN: You learned to fight like a good little boy. I'll bet that thrust through the MadKing's back was pretty as a picture. You want to fight pretty or you want to win?
JAIME: You talk to my brother this way?
BRONN: All the time. He got used to it.
They sit together on a low wall. JAIME drinks.
JAIME: Do you think he did it?
BRONN: No. Oh, he hated the little twat, sure. But who didn't? And poison's not his style. Or murder, for that matter. You want to know for sure, why don't you ask him?
JAIME doesn't answer.
BRONN: You haven't been to see him yet, eh?
JAIME: We're done for today.
He tosses the water skin to BRONN and starts to walk way
BRONN: Your brother ever tell you how I came into his service?
JAIME: You stood for him in his trial by combat at the Eyrie.
BRONN: Aye. But only when Lady Arryn demanded the trial take place that day. You were his first choice. He named you for his champion because he knew you would ride day and night to come fight for him. You gonna fight for him now?
JAIME exits.
INT. Tyrion's cell
JAIME and TYRION sit in the cell.
JAIME: To tell you the truth, this isn't so bad. Four walls. A pot to piss in. I was chained to a wooden post covered in my own shit for months.
TYRION: Is that supposed to make me feel better?
JAIME: Maybe a bit. I'm sorry I didn't come sooner.
TYRION: It's complicated, yes. So how is our sister?
JAIME: How do you think? Her son died in her arms.
TYRION: Her son?
JAIME: Don't. You know what's coming?
TYRION: My trial for regicide.Yes, I know. I know the whole bloody country thinks I'm guilty. I know that one of my three judges has wished me dead more times than I can count. And that judge is my father. As for Cersei, well, she's probably working on a way to avoid a trial altogether by having me killed.
JAIME: Now that you mention it, she did ask.
TYRION: So, should I turn around and close my eyes?
JAIME: Depends. Did you do it?
TYRION: The Kingslayer brothers. You like it? I like it. You're really asking if I killed your son?
JAIME: Are you really asking if I'd kill my brother? How can I help you?
TYRION: Well, you could set me free.
JAIME: You know I can't.
TYRION: Then there's really nothing else to say.
JAIME: What do you want me to do? Kill the guards? Sneak you out of the city in the back of a cart? I'm the Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.
TYRION: Sorry, I'd forgotten. I'd hate for you to do something inappropriate.
JAIME: Inappropriate? You're accused of killing the king.Freeing you is treason.
TYRION: Except I didn't do it.
JAIME: Which is why we're having a trial. A trial. If the killer threw himself before the Iron Throne, confessed to his crimes, and gave irrefutable evidence of his guilt, it wouldn't matter to Cersei. She won't rest until my head's on a spike.
JAIME: Not just yours. She's offering a knighthood to whomever finds Sansa Stark.
TYRION: Sansa couldn't have done this. She had more reason than anyone in the Seven Kingdoms. Do you think it's a coincidence she disappeared the same night Joffrey died?
TYRION: No, but... Sansa's not a killer. Not yet, anyway.
INT. Littlefinger's ship.
SANSA looks out on the ocean. Littlefinger enters.
SANSA: Where are you taking me?
LITTLEFINGER: I'm getting married to your Aunt Lysa. She's waiting for us at the Eyrie. You'll be safe there.
SANSA: Did you kill Joffrey?
LITTLEFINGER:Did I kill Joffrey? I've been in the Vale for weeks.
SANSA: I know it was you.
LITTLEFINGER: And who helped me with this conspiracy?
SANSA: Well, there was Ser Dontos. You used him to get me out of King's Landing, but you would never trust him to kill the king.
LITTLEFINGER: Why not?
SANSA: Because you're too smart to trust a drunk.
LITTLEFINGER: Then perhaps it was your husband.
SANSA: No.
LITTLEFINGER: How do you know?
SANSA: I just do.
LITTLEFINGER: You're right. He wasn't involvedi n Joffrey's death. But you were. Do you remember that lovely necklace Dontos gave you? I don't suppose you noticed that a stone was missing after the feast.
SANSA: The poison. I don't understand. The Lannisters gave you wealth, power. Joffrey made you the Lord of Harrenhal.
LITTLEFINGER: A man with no motive is a man no one suspects. Always keep your foes confused. If they don't know who you are or what you want, they can't know what you plan to do next.
SANSA: I don't believe you. If they catch you, they'll put your head on a spike just like my father's. You'd risk that just to confuse them?
LITTLEFINGER: So many men they risk so little. They spend their lives avoiding danger. And then they die. I'd risk everything to get what I want.
SANSA: And what do you want?
LITTLEFINGER: Everything. My friendship with the Lannisters was productive. But Joffrey, a vicious boy with a crown on his head, is not a reliable ally. And who could trust a friend like that?
SANSA: Who could trust you?
LITTLEFINGER: I don't want friends like me. My new friends are predictable. Very reasonable people. As for what happened to Joffrey, well, that was something my new friends wanted very badly. Nothing like a thoughtful gift to make a new friendship grow strong.
EXT. King's Landing garden
OLENNA and MARGAERY stroll arm-in-arm in the garden.
MARGAERY: I can't believe you're going. Leaving me alone here with these people.
OLENNA: The time has come, my dear. There's nothing more tedious than a trial. Except perhaps these gardens. If I have to take one more leisurely stroll through these gardens, I'll fling myself from the cliffs.
MARGAERY: (laughs)
OLENNA: Have you been to see Tommen yet?
MARGAERY: No. Have they even agreed to the match? No one tells me anything.
OLENNA: I wasn't originally meant to marry your grandfather Luthor, you know. He was engaged to my sister, your great-aunt Viola. I was to be given to some Targaryen or other. Marrying a Targaryen was all the rage back then. But the momentI saw my intended, with his twitchy little ferret's face and ludicrous silver hair, I knew he wouldn't do. So the evening before Luthor was to propose to my sister, I got lost on my way back from my embroidery lesson and happened upon his chamber.
MARGAERY: (laughs)
OLENNA:  How absentminded of me.
MARGAERY: Mm-hmm.
OLENNA: The following morning, Luthor never made it down the stairs to propose to my sister 'cause the boy couldn't bloody walk.
MARGAERY: (laughs)
OLENNA: And once he could, the only thing he wanted was what I'd given him the night before. I was good. I was very, very good. You are even better. But you need to act quickly. Cersei may be vicious, but she's not stupid. She'll turn the boy against you as soon as she can. And by the time you're married, it'll be too late. Luckily for you ,the Queen Regent is rather distracted at the moment, mourning her dear departed boy. Accusing her brother of his murder, which he didn't commit.
MARGAERY: Well, he could have done.
OLENNA: He could have done,but he didn't.
MARGAERY: You don't know, Grandmother.
OLENNA: But I do know. You don't think I'd let you marry that beast, do you?
MARGAERY: What? I don't understand.
OLENNA: Shh. Don't you worry yourself about all that. You just do what needs to be done.
EXT. Castle Black courtyard
Swords clang as the recruits train.
JON: Bring it through! And again.
JON and GRENN spar
JON: Very nice. Good.
JON and GRENN take a break. JON speaks to the recruits.
JON: A lot of wildlings fight with a weapon in each hand. First thing you want to do is disarm them to try and even the odds.
JON hands GRENN a second sword. They engage, and JON quickly knocks away one of GRENN's swords. GRENN takes a wide swing, JON ducks, then blocks his forearm and puts his blade to GRENN's throat. OLLY smiles in the crowd and GRENN nods, admitting defeat.
JON: Let's see what you can do.
OLLY steps forward, ready.
JON: Olly, you just watch for now.
OLLY: I can fight.
JON: Have you ever held a sword before? OLLY I was the best archer in our hamlet.
The recruits laugh.
OLLY: I was!
GRENN: I believe you. We'll go hunting for rabbits one day. Right now, watch and learn.
JON: You two. Take it slow,  try and disarm each other.
LOCKE and another ranger arm themselves. LOCKE bests the bald one.
JON: You know how to fight. You could have gone easier on him.
LOCKE: He wouldn't have learned anything that way.
ALLISER THORNE and JANOS SLYNT enter.
ALLISER THORNE: Lord Snow. What do you think you're doing?
JON: Grenn and I were helping them.
ALLISER THORN: Grenn's a ranger.You're a steward. Maybe you forgot that while you were off with your wildling bitch, but I didn't.
JON: Someone has to train them.
ALLISER THORNE: And that someone isn't you. Go find a chamber pot to empty. Go on. Do it. You traitor's bastard. Give me an excuse. Mormont's not hereto protect you now.
JON exits.
ALLISER THORNE: Get back to work. Now! I said now!
JANOS SLYNT: The bastard's well-liked.You're not.
ALLISER THORNE: You think I care if they like me? We're at war.
JANOS SLYNT:   For now. But you can't be acting commander forever. There will be a choosing. The old maester will insist on it. You might reconsider his request to marchon Craster's. Let the mutineer stake care of Snow. Or you might be taking orders from him the rest of your life.
ALLISER THORNE exits.
CUT TO: the yard armory
JON returns his sword. RECRUIT joins him.
LOCKE: A bastard, eh? Took you for highborn.
JON: My father was highborn. My mother wasn't.
LOCKE: Name's Locke.
JON: Jon Snow.
They shake.
JON: You fight well.
LOCKE: What brought you up here? A sense of duty. I wanted to do my part for the safety of the realm. I was a game warden in the Stormlands. Fed a prized partridge to my hungry kids. I was stupid enough to get caught. Chose the Wall over losing my hand. Figured I wouldn't have to suck up to any highborn cunts here.
ALLISER THORNE: Come on, get on with it. What are you waiting for? Summer?
LOCKE: Guess I was wrong.
INT. King's Landing, CERSEI's chamber.
There is a knocking at CERSEI's door. She drinks, ignoring it. JAIME enters.
JAIME: You sent for me, Your Grace?
CERSEI: Your Grace. How formal of you. How many Kingsguards are posted outside Tommen's door?
JAIME: Ser Boros is on duty tonight. Tomorrow I believe...
CERSEI: So one? You have one man guarding the future king?
JAIME: I promise you Tommen's safe. We're protecting him.
CERSEI: The way you protected Joffrey? Why did Catelyn Stark set you free?
JAIME: What?
CERSEI:  I've been wondering for months. Ever since that great cow brought you back to the capital. Why did she set you free?
JAIME: You know why. She'd hoped I'd send her daughters back to her.
CERSEI: She hoped or did you promise?
JAIME: I swore by all the gods that if her daughters were alive, I'd return them to her.
CERSEI: So you made a sacred vow to the enemy.
JAIME: I wanted to get back to you. Should I have told hert o fuck off?
CERSEI: You didn't mean it, then? You have no loyalty to Catelyn Stark?
JAIME: Catelyn Stark's dead. So if I told you to leave the capital right now and find Sansa, if I told you to find that murderous little bitch and bring me her head, would you do it?
JAIME doesn't answer.
CERSEI: I know you went to see Tyrion. That creature who murdered our son.
JAIME: I had to see him. I had to know for myself.
CERSEI:  And?
JAIME: He didn't do it, Cersei.
CERSEI: You've always pitied him. Our poor little brother. Abused by the world. Despised by his father and sister. He'd kill us all if he could. I want four men at Tommen's door day and night. That will be all, Lord Commander.
JAIME exits.
INT. Tommen's bedroom.
TOMMEN lies in his bed. He cannot sleep. He hears a door creaking
TOMMEN: Ser Pounce?
MARGAERY enters.
TOMMEN: How did you get past the Kingsguard?
MARGAERY: Kingsguard.
TOMMEN: I don't think you're supposed to be here. Mother doesn't allow me to have visitors at night.
MARGAERY:  I'm not a visitor, Your Grace. Word has itI'm to be your bride.
MARGAERY sits on his bed.
MARGAERY: Did you know that people in arranged marriages often never meet until their wedding day? Before we decide to spend our lives together, we ought to get to know one another. Don't you think?
TOMMEN: Yes. But if my mother found out...
MARGAERY: It can be our secret. Hmm? If we're going to be man and wife, we'll have a few secrets from her, I hope. So, Your Grace...
TOMMEN: Yes? Tell me a secret.
Sir Pounce jumps onto the bed. MARGAERY pets him
MARGAERY: Hello. Aren't you a proper fellow?
TOMMEN: That's Ser Pounce.
MARGAERY: Very handsome.
TOMMEN: Joffrey didn't like him. He threatened to skin him alive and mix his innards up in my food so I wouldn't know I was eating him.
MARGAERY: That's very cruel. You don't strike me as cruel.
TOMMEN: No. I don't think I am.
MARGAERY: That's a relief. Because you know what happens when we marry?
TOMMEN: We say our vows in front of the High Septon. And after the ceremony, there's a feast.
MARGAERY: When we marry, I become yours. Forever. It's getting late. I should go. May I come and visit you again? All right, then.
MARGAERY leans in close.
MARGAERY:  Remember, our little secret.
She kisses TOMMEN on the forehead, and exits.
INT. King's Landing
BRIENNE and JAIME are looking at the history of the Kingsguard.
BRIENNE: "Ser Jaime Lannister. Knighted and named to the Kingsguard in his 16th year. At the sack of King's Landing, murdered his king Aerys II. Pardoned by Robert Baratheon. Thereafter known as the Kingslayer."
JAIME: It's the duty of the Lord Commander to fill those pages. And there's still room left on mine.
JAIME picks up a displayed sword, weighs it, and then hands it to BRIENNE. She takes it and admires it.
BRIENNE: Valyrian steel.
JAIME: Mmm. It's yours.
BRIENNE: I can't accept this.
JAIME: It was reforged from Ned Stark's sword. You'll use it to defend Ned Stark's daughter. You swore an oath to return the Stark girls to their mother. Lady Stark's dead. Arya's probably dead, too, but there's still a chance to find Sansa and get her somewhere safe. I've got something else for you.
JAIME reveals a suit of armor made for BRIENNE.
JAIME: I hope I got your measurements right.
BRIENNE: I'll find her. For Lady Catelyn. And for you.
JAIME: I almost forgot. I have one more gift.
EXT. The forrest outside King's Landing
PODRICK beams next to JAIME. BRIENNE paces. BRONN stands in the background.
BRIENNE: I don't need a squire.
JAIME: Of course you do.
BRIENNE:  He'll slow me down.
JAIME: My brother owes him a debt. He's not safe here. You're keeping him from harm. It's chivalry.
PODRICK: I won't slow you down, ser... my lady. I promise I'll serve you well.
JAIME: See? He's a good lad.You'll get along.
BRONN approaches and clasps PODRICK's shoulder. He unwraps a bundle.
BRONN: Compliments of Lord Tyrion. His axe from the Blackwater.
He pushed the axe onto PODRICK's chest.
BRONN: What are you waiting for, a kiss? Ready the lady's horse.
PODRICK exits
JAIME: They say the best swords have names. Any ideas?
BRIENNE: Oathkeeper.
JAIME: Good-bye, Brienne.
BRIENNE nods and exits. JAIME watches her and PODRICK ride off.
PODRICK: Come on, move.
BRIENNE looks back at JAIME, and rides on.
INT. Castle black library at night.
SAM and JON converse in the library
SAM: I should neverhave taken her away.
JON: She wasn't safe here.
SAM: She's not safe out there. I should have known. You told us there were wildlings south of the Wall. If they're raiding the smaller villages, Mole's Town could be next.
JON: Castle Black could be next.
SAM: I should go back for Gilly.
JON: We have orders. No one's to leave the castle.
SAM: I remember when you disobeyed orders and rode south to help Robb.
JON: And I remember who came after me and brought me home. I know how hard it is, Sam, believe me. When you told me about Bran going beyond the Wall, all I could think about was getting my strength back so I could go and find him.
SAM: I wish I could have convinced him to come back with me. I tried. Really, I did.
JON: How fast could they travel? A crippled boy being pulled on a sledge by a simpleton?
SAM: I don't know. They'd pass wildling villages. They could try to find shelter at one of them.
JON: The wildlings have joined up with Mance. Every village or sheltered place will be deserted. Except...
LOCKE enters
SAM: Craster's? You think Bra nmight have found...
LOCKE: Snow. I don't mean to interrupt. Thorne wants to see you.
LOCKE exits
INT. Castle Black dining hall
ALLISER THORNE and JANOS SLINT sit at the main table.
ALLISER THORNE: Your foray to Craster's Keep, I'll sanction it. But I won't order anyone to go with you. Volunteers only.
JON: Thank you, Ser Alliser.
JON moves down to the main floor of the hall.
JON: Ahem, brothers.
GRENN knocks against the table to get their attention. The hall quiets.
JON: I'm going beyond the Wallto Craster's Keep. I'm going to capture the mutineers holed up there or kill them. I'm asking for volunteers to come with me. There's 60 miles of wilderness between here and Craster's and Mance Rayder has an army bearing down on us, but we have to do this. Our survival may depend on us getting to these mutineers before Mance does. They know the Wall. They know our defenses. If Mance learns what they know, we're lost. But if that's not enough, then consider this. If the Night's Watch are truly brothers, then Lord Commander Mormont was our father. He lived and died for the Watch and he was betrayed by his own men. Stabbed in the back by cowards. He deserved far better. All we can give him now is justice. Who will join me?
GRENN stands. JON Nods. DOLOROUS EDD stands. Three more join, and then LOCKE does.
JON: I can't let a recruit come north of the Wall.
LOCKE: Then let me say my vows. If it's a fight you're heading for, then you need men who know how.
ALLISER THORNE: (nods)
JON: Thank you, brothers.
INT. Craster's Keep, night.
KARL TANNER drinks from a human skull while sounds of rough sex spill from the background.
WOMAN: No, don't. Don't, please.
WOMAN #2: Please don't. Ow! You're hurting me.
RAST pours himself some wine. He is drunk.
TANNER: Karl Tanner from Gin Alley drinking wine from the skull of Jeor fucking Mormont.
He spills wine from the skull into his mouth, greedily.
TANNER: Any command for us, Lord Commander? What's that? Fuck 'em till they're dead?
A man rough arms one of Craster's wives into sexual submission. She wails.
TANNER: Did you hear that, boys? Fuck 'em till they're dead.
TANNER pushes down another of Craster's wives. RAST admires the back of another.
TANNER: Rast.
RAST kisses her shoulder. TANNER grabs some meat and throws it at him.
TANNER: Go outside and feed the beast.
RAST: We should kill that thing.
TANNER: You should shuty our fucking hole, ugly little cunt. You look likea fucking ballsack. Ugly. Look at your stupid cunt face. I could piss in any gutte rand soak five of you. Know how much they paid me to kill a man in King's Landing? Seven silvers. They told me a man's name and that man never saw daylight again. None of them cocksuckers got away from me.
He stands.
TANNER: Haven't lost a fight since I was nine. Maybe it's time. What do you think, eh?
He kicks RAST gently
TANNER: Maybe you're the man. Eh, cunt?
He slaps RAST, goading him.  RAST; I wouldn't stand a chance. None of us would.
TANNER: I was a fucking legend in Gin Alley. A fucking legend! I would take any knight... any knight, any time. Fucking cunts in steel plate. Fucking cowards.
SISSY enters with CRASTER'S BABY.
TANNER: What the fuck is that?
SISSY: Craster's last child. A boy.
TANNER: What am I supposed to do with him? What did Craster do with 'em? Kill 'em before they could grow up and do the same to him? All right.
TANNER pulls a knife.
TANNER: Don't need another mouth to feed. Hand him over.
SISSY: He didn't kill them. He offered them.
TANNER: To who?
SISSY: To the gods. The white walkers.
WOMEN: A gift for the gods.A gift for the gods. A gift for the gods.A gift for the gods. A gift for the gods.A gift for the gods.
TANNER: Shut up!
TANNER sheaths his knife and takes CRASTER'S BABY from SISSY.
TANNER: So... if it worked for him... Let's give the walkers what they want.
He brings CRASTER'S BABY to RAST.
TANNER: Rast is headed that way.
EXT. North of the Wall
RAST carries CRASTER'S BABY. He places the baby on the ground and walks away. CRASTER'S BABY starts to cry.
CUT TO: Craster's Keep.
RAST returns to the keep. Ghost growls in his cage. RASK opens a flask with his teeth.
RAST: Pink-eyed fuck. You thirsty?
He takes a drink. Ghost growls. RAST empties the flask in front of him. Ghost starts, and RAST falls back. After he stands, the birds sound and the snow cracks. RAST runs in terror.
RAST: Fuck!
CUT TO: Bran's camp
HODOR, BRAN, MEERA, JOJEN and Summer lay around the fire. CRASTER'S BABY's cries in the distance.
HODOR: Hodor.
BRAN: Do you hear that?
MEERA: Is that a baby?
JOJEN: It's coming.
BRAN: I'm going out there.
MEERA: No, we need to stay together.
BRAN: I'm going.
BRAN focusses inwards and his eyes turn white. Summer leaves the camp, inhabited by BRAN. He runs through the woods towards the cries of CRASTER'S BABY. Suddenly the ground gives way.
BRAN gasps and sits up.
JOJEN:  Bran. Bran.
HODOR: Hodor. Hodor. Hodor.
MEERA: Bran, what happened?
BRAN: Summer, he's hurt. They've caught him in a trap.
MEERA: Who?
BRAN: I didn't see, but they have my brother's wolf. They have Ghost.
EXT. Craster's Keep, morning.
BRAN, MEERA, JOJEN and JODOR watch the bustle of the keep.
BRAN: They're Night's Watch. Look. Jon might be here.
MEERA: If Jon was here, why would they put his wolf in a cage?
The rangers handle one of Craster's wives roughly.
MEERA: They might have been Night'sWatch once, not anymore. We're not safe here.We need to go.
BRAN: No.
MEERA: Bran, we need to go now.
BRAN: I'm not leaving without Summer.
MEERA and JOJEN exchange a silent look.
MEERA: Can you remember where the cage was?
BRAN: The east side of the keep.
MEERA: If I'm not backsoon, we'll meet...
A Ranger smashes MEERA in the face, and she falls. BRAN and JOJEN react. HODOR stands.
HODOR: Hodor.
They are surrounded by Night's Watch traitors.
CUT TO: inside the keep.
The traitors yell and prod at HODOR, who is chained around his neck.
HODOR: Hodor. Hodor. Hodor.
HODOR tries to undo his bonds. A traitor stabs him in the leg, and he groans, falling back.
HODOR: Hodor.
RAST: If I was your size, I'd be king of the fucking world.
CUT TO: Interior of the Keep
BRAN, MEERA and JOJEN are brought into the keep. BRAN falls to the ground when released.
TANNER: Help him up.
A traitor sits him up. TANNER comes over to BRAN, and fondles his furs.
TANNER: This is nice. Fine leather. You're no wildling. Important. Highborn. Who are you?
BRAN does not answer. TANNER rises and slaps him.
TANNER: You see, where I come from, a commoner like me slaps a little lord like you, I'd lose my right hand. But we're a long way from home, aren't we? And the two of you, fancy-looking folks north of the Wall creeping through the woods. Isn't that a bit odd?
TANNER strokes MEERA's hair and face.
TANNER: I like your curly hair. My mom had curls like that. Beautiful brown curls. Why'd you drag a crippled boy all the way up here?
TANNER releases MEERA.
TANNER: See you haven't played this game before. A highborn hostage, that's valuable. But three of them, that's a lot of mouths to feed.
JOJEN starts to spasm. He falls to the ground
RAST: What the fuck's wrong with him?
TANNER: Come here.
TANNER grabs MEERA by the hair and pulls her away from JOJEN. He puts a knife to her throat.
MEERA: (screams) No, please. Please.Please, let me help him.
TANNER:  Who are you?
MEERA: Please.
TANNER: Who are you?
BRAN:  I'm Brandon Stark! I'm Brandon Stark of Winterfell.
RAST: It's Jon Snow's brother.
TANNER releases MEERA and walks over. MEERA runs to JOJEN.
MEERA: It's Meera. It's Meera.I'm right here.
TANNER: And I thought this was gonnabe another boring day.
MEERA: I'm right here.
EXT. North of the Wall.
A snow storm howls. A lone horseman appears. It is a WHITE WALKER, riding a dead horse. He holds CRASTER'S BABY. The horse walk across a frozen lake, towards an ominous landscape. Ice cracks as the WHITE WALKER brings the baby to  a stone circle with an altar in the middle. He places CRASTER'S BABY there. The NIGHT KING approaches from a line of white walkers. The NIGHT KING picks up the baby, and pierces his cheek with a long fingernail. The baby's eyes turn blue.
INT. King's Landing: The Iron Throne room
The HIGH SEPTON leads the coronation of TOMMEN. JAIME patrols in the back.
HIGH SEPTON: May the Warrior grant him courage and protect him in these perilous times. May the Smith grant him strength that he might bear this heavy burden. And may the Crone, she that knows the fate of all men, show him the path he must walk and guide him through the dark places that lie ahead. In the light of the Seven, I now proclaim Tommen of the House Baratheon First of His Name. King of the Andals and the First Men and Lord of the Seven Kingdoms. Long may he reign!
ALL: Long may he reign!
The crowd cheers. TOMMEN bows.  MARGAERY and TOMMEN exchange a look.
HIGH SEPTON: Special day.
CUT TO: Later in the Sept
TOMMEN sits on the Iron Throne, with TYWIN beside him. A reception line moves towards him, including PYCELLE and VARYS.   (CROWD CHATTING)
PYCELLE: Your Grace.
VARYS: Your Grace.
TOMMEN exchanges nodes and smiles with MARGAERY, who stands in the wings.  CERSEI catches their gaze, and she comes to MARGAERY. The crowd greets her as she passes through.
MAN: Your Grace.
MAN #2:  Your Grace.
MARGAERY: Your Grace.
CERSEI: There he is.
MARGAERY:  Long may he reign.
CERSEI: Long may he reign.
MARGAERY:  He sits the throne like he was born to it.
CERSEI: Yes. He wasn't, though, was he?
MARGAERY: No, he wasn't.
CERSEI: You still mourn for Joffrey?
MARGAERY: He was my husband. My king.
CERSEI: He would have been your nightmare.
MARGAERY: Your Grace, I feel...
CERSEI: You knew exactly what he was. I did, too. You never love anything in the world the way you love your first child. Doesn't matter what they do. And what he did, it shocked me. Do you think I'm easily shocked?
MARGAERY: No.
CERSEI: The things he did shocked me. He's only a boy. A good boy. A decent boy. He always has been. Who was the last decent king, I wonder? He could be the first man who sits on that throne in 50 years to actually deserve it.
MARGAERY:  It would be some consolation, wouldn't it? For all the horror that put him there.
CERSEI: He will need help... if he's going to rule well.
MARGAERY: He has you.
CERSEI: A mother is not enough. You're still interested in being queen, I take it?
MARGAERY: Oh. After all that's happened... it sounds strange, I know, but I am... I haven't even given any thought to it, what comes next. It would be a great honor, of course. But I will have to speak to my father about it.
CERSEI: Yes, speak to your father. I'll speak to mine.
LORAS bows to TOMMEN on the stage.
MARGAERY:  We may be faced with an alarming number of weddings soon.
CERSEI: (CHUCKLES)
MARGAERY: I won't even know what to call you. Sister? Or Mother? Hmm.
INT. Meereen council room, day
DAENERYS, BARRISTAN SELMY, DAARIO NAHARIS, JORAH, MISSANDEI AND GREY WORM are meeting.
JORAH: King Joffrey Baratheon is dead. Murdered at his own wedding.
BARRISTAN: And we have taken the Meereenese Navy, Your Grace.
DAARIO: The Second Sons took the Meereenese Navy.
DAENERYS: Who told you to take the Navy?
DAARIO: No one.
DAENERYS: So why did you do it?
DAARIO: I heard you liked ships.
DAENERYS: How many ships?
BARRISTAN: 93, Your Grace.
DAENERYS: How many men can they carry?
BARRISTAN: 9,300, not counting sailors.
DAENERYS: Would that be enough to take King's Landing?
JORAH: The Lannisters have more.
BARRISTAN: They've been fighting Joffrey's wars for years. They're tired, dispersed. And now their king is dead. 8,000 Unsullied, 2,000 Second Sons sailing into Blackwater Bay and storming the gates without warning.
JORAH: It's hard to say. It could be enough. But we're not fighting to make you queen of King's Landing. 10,000 men can't conquer Westeros.
BARRISTAN: The old houses will flock to our queen when she crosses the Narrow Sea.
JORAH: The old houses will flock to whichever side they think will win, as they always have.
JORAH stands.
JORAH: There's other news. From Yunkai. Without the Unsullied to enforce your rule, the Wise Masters have retaken control of the city. They've reenslaved the freedmen who stayed behind and sworn to take revenge against you. And in Astapor, the council you installed to rule over the city has been overthrown by a butcher named Cleon who's declared himself "His Imperial Majesty."
DAENERYS: Please leave me. Not you, Jorah.
GREY WORM, MISSANDEI, DAARIO and BARRISTAN exit.
DAENERYS:  It appears my liberation of Slaver's Bay isn't going quite as planned.
JORAH: You could sail for Westeros and leave it all behind. A boy sits on the Iron Throne. A boy many believe to be a bastard with no right to it. They've never been more vulnerable.
DAENERYS: You counseled me against rashness once in Qarth. I didn't listen. That all worked out well.
JORAH: (CHUCKLES)
DAENERYS: How can I rule seven kingdoms if I can't control Slaver's Bay? Why should anyone trust me? Why should anyone follow me?
JORAH: You're a Targaryen. You're the Mother of Dragons.
DAENERYS: I need to be more than that. I will not let those I have freed slide back into chains. I will not sail for Westeros.
JORAH: What, then?
DAENERYS: I will do what queens do. I will rule.
DAENERYS walks to the balcony.
EXT.  Outside the Aerie.
SANSA and LITTLEFINGER approach the Aerie.
LITTLEFINGER: Pull up your hood. A memorable shade.
SANSA: But how would they know?
LITTLEFINGER: You know what kind of stories poor men enjoy the most? Ones about rich girls they'll never meet.
SANSA puts up her hood.
SANSA: Is this the only way into the Eyrie?
LITTLEFINGER: The mountains are impassable. If you want to get to the Eyrie, you need to go through the Bloody Gate. It doesn't matter how large your army is, if you attack this gate, you do it on this road, three men abreast and get slaughtered like goats. The first Lords of the Vale didn't have much, but they had these mountains and they knew how to use them. And the fortress they built here has never been overcome. Not once in 1,000 years. Know your strengths, use them wisely, and one man can be worth 10,000.
KNIGHT: Who would pass the Bloody Gate?
LITTLEFINGER: Lord Petyr Baelish and his niece Alayne.
KNIGHT: Stand to.
KNIGHT #2: Stand to!
KNIGHT #3: Stand to!
KNIGHT: Welcome back, Lord Baelish.
The gate opens noisily, LITTLEFINGER and SANSA step through.
CUT TO: The Aerie throne room.
ROBIN sits on LYSA's lap on the throne. A door opens and LITTLEFINGER and SANSA enter. ROBIN runs down to greet him.
ROBIN: Uncle Petyr!
LITTLEFINGER: My lord.
They embace.
LITTLEFINGER: Oh. I have brought you a gift.
LITTLEFINGER gives ROBIN a glass bird.
LYSA: Lord Baelish.
LITTLEFINGER: My lady.
ROBIN: Look what Uncle Petyr brought me.
LYSA descends to greet her visitors.
LYSA: A beautiful gift for a beautiful boy.
SANSA: It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Lady Arryn. My name is Al...
LYSA: Oh, do take down that hood, child. Don't you think know who you are? You think I'd let my intended leave the Eyrie on urgent business without knowing what that business was? I let him go so he could bring you here to me.
LYSA walks to SANSA, lowers her hood and caresses her face, smiling warmly. They hug.
LYSA: My flesh and blood.
SANSA: It's wonderful to meet you, Aunt Lysa.
LYSA: You mustn't call me that in front of anyone else.
SANSA: Of course. I understand.
LYSA: No one can know you're here. It would put us in a very precarious position.
SANSA: I would never say a thing.
LYSA: The Lannisters want to destroy us. They've been trying for years. Now they know what it feels like.
ROBIN: Mummy said they killed your mother and they chopped off your brother's head.
SANSA: They did, and my father's.
ROBIN: They killed my father, too, with poison. I wanted to make the little Lannister baby man fly, but Mother said I couldn't.
SANSA: Make him fly?
ROBIN: Through the Moon Door.
He drops the glass bird through the moon door.
ROBIN: (GIGGLES)
LYSA: And on top of everything else, they made you marry that filthy troll.
SANSA: They did. They made us both. Lord Tyrion didn't want to.
LYSA: I don't believe that for a moment. Did he force himself on you?
LYSA: Good. Robin, this is your cousin Sansa. But you're not to call her Sansa in front of anyone but Uncle Petyr and myself. Do you understand? Sansa, this is my son Robin.
SANSA: It's a pleasure to meet you, Robin.
LYSA: Robin, show Sansa to her chamber. Take the back stairs.
LITTLEFINGER: Go. We'll speak soon.
ROBIN leads SANSA out by the hand. LYSA kisses LITTLEFINGER hungrily.
LYSA: What took you so long?
LITTLEFINGER: Arranging for the ascension of King Tommen I, extricating Sansa, getting her here alive.
LYSA: She's here. We've spent more than enough time on her for one evening.
She kissed him.
LYSA: Let's get married tonight.
LITTLEFINGER: Ought we not... inform the Lords of the Vale about the ceremony?
LYSA: There's only one Lord of the Vale. The others can all hang. Lurking and simpering on the stairs like buzzards the moment my husband died, trying to get their claws in me.
LITTLEFINGER: I do think that we could wait until...
LYSA: I'm done waiting, Petyr. We had our wedding night many years ago. Or don't you remember?
LITTLEFINGER: Like it was yesterday.
LYSA: What wife would do for you the things I've done for you? What wife would trust you the way I've trusted you? When you gave me those drops and told me to pour them into Jon's wine, my husband's wine... when you told me to write a letter to Cat telling her it was the Lannisters...
LITTLEFINGER kisses LYSA passionately to quiet her. She moans.
LITTLEFINGER: The deed is done. Faded into nothing. Only speaking of it can make it real.
LYSA: (nods)
LITTLEFINGER:  Tonight it is, then.
LYSA: (LAUGHS)
LITTLEFINGER:  Let me bathe and dress for the occasion. Once I'm presentable, I'll call on the septon immediately.
LYSA opens the door and escorts in the septon.
LYSA: I'm warning you. I'm going to scream when my husband makes love to me. I'm going to scream so loud, they'll hear me clear across the Narrow Sea.
She kisses LITTLEFINGER
CUT TO: SANSA's room, at night
SANSA lies in bed. She can hear LYSA screaming and moaning in ecstacy. SANSA tries to ignore it.
INT. King's Landing, day
TYWIN and CERSEI meet in the Hand's residence.
TYWIN: When will the wedding take place in your mind?
CERSEI: As soon as decency permits. After we've allowed Tommen the appropriate time to mourn his brother and Margaery to mourn her husband.
TYWIN:  A fortnight?
CERSEI: That seems reasonable.
TYWIN: No jugglers, no jousting dwarves, no 77-course meals.
CERSEI: (shakes her head)
TYWIN: And your wedding to Loras?
CERSEI: Shortly after Tommen's.
TYWIN: Shortly?
CERSEI: A fortnight.
TYWIN: I know you don't like them. I didn't like your husband. Used to pat me on the back a lot. I didn't trust him.
CERSEI: We had that in common.
TYWIN: You don't need to make formal alliances with people you trust.
CERSEI: Then whom can we trust?
TYWIN: Ourselves alone.
TYWIN rises and pours some wine, handing it to CERSEI. He then pours some for himself.
TYWIN:  The Tyrells are our only true rivals in terms of resources and we need them on our side.
CERSEI: Robert wasn't particularly rich.
TYWIN: Robert had me funding him. Wars swallow gold like a pit in the earth.
CESEI: I suppose that explains why we did so well in the last one.
TYWIN: Do you know how much gold was mined in the Westerlands this past year?
CERSEI: Haven't a clue.
TYWIN:  Go on, your best guess.
CERSEI: Pounds, tons, ounces?
TYWIN:  Doesn't matter. The answer is the same.
CERSEI: That can't be.
TYWIN: Our last working mine ran dry three years ago.
CERSEI: Then how do we pay for anything?
TYWIN: The crown owes the Iron Bank of Braavos a tremendous amount of money.
CERSEI: How much?
TYWIN: A tremendous amount.
TYWIN sits.
CERSEI: There must be someone at the Iron Bank you can speak to, come to some arrangement.
TYWIN: The Iron Bank is the Iron Bank. There is no someone.
CERSEI: Someone does work there. It is comprised of people.
TYWIN: And a temple is comprised of stones. One stone crumbles and another takes its place. And the temple holds its form for 1,000 years or more. That's what the Iron Bank is... a temple. We all live in its shadow and almost none of us know it. You can't run from them. You can't cheat them. You can't sway them with excuses. If you owe them money and you don't want to crumble yourself, you pay it back. Vesting the Tyrells in the crown will help a great deal in this respect.
CERSEI: It's for the good of the family, I understand that. I'm not sure my brothers do.
TYWIN: I know you're building a strong case against Tyrion. And as a mother, that is your right. But as a judge, I cannot discuss the trial with you.
CERSEI: I respect that. We don't need to discuss it.
She puts her wine down and stands.
CERSEI: The Lannister legacy is the only thing that matters. You've started wars to protect this family. Turned your back on Jaime for refusing to contribute to its future. What does Tyrion deserve for lighting that future on fire?
EXT. Westeros woods at night.
ARYA and the HOUND lie by their campfire.
ARYA: Joffrey. Cersei. Walder Frey. Meryn Trant. Tywin Lannister. The Red Woman. Beric Dondarrion. Thoros of Myr. Ilyn Payne. The Mountain.
HOUND: Would you shut up?
ARYA: I can't sleep until I say the names.
HOUND: The names of every fucking person in Westeros?
ARYA: Only the ones I'm going to kill.
HOUND: (CHUCKLES) Hate's as good a thing as any to keep a person going. Better than most. We come across my brother, maybe we can both cross a name off our list.
ARYA: If he were here right now, what would you do?
HOUND: I'd tell him to shut the fuck up so I can get some sleep. Go on, get it over with, your list of doomed men.
ARYA: I'm almost done. Only one name left.
HOUND: Go on.
ARYA: The Hound.
INT. An Aerie dining room, night
LYSA serves SANSA a pastry
SANSA: Thank you.
LYSA: Your mother always had a sweet tooth, you know?
SANSA:  Really?
LYSA:  Oh, yes. At suppertime, she would go straight for honey cakes, candied almonds, custard. Anything sweet. Eventually, your grandfather had to assign a septa to watch her at meals. Cat was the firstborn daughter after all. It was important that she remain desirable so Father could arrange a good match for her and she was starting to get fat.
SANSA: My mother fat? She never let me have my pudding until I'd finished all my proper food.
LYSA: This is before she married your father and moved to the North. By the time you were born, your father's austerity had become hers. Marriage changes people. I didn't mean for you to stop. Go on, enjoy them. How do you like them?
SANSA eats another. LYSA takes her hand.
SANSA: They're delicious. Where did you get the lemons? You can't grow them up here.
LYSA: Oh, gods, no. Petyr had three crates brought all the way from King's Landing. He knew you liked lemon cakes. He's so kind. He really cares for you. Think where you'd be without him. In their clutches and tried for murder.
SANSA: Yes. I'm very lucky.
LYSA: He feels responsible for you.
SANSA: Oh, I know he does. I'm so grateful.
LYSA: Why? Why does he feel responsible for you?
SANSA: Well, I'm half Tully. He loved your family so much.
LYSA: Loved your mother.
SANSA: No.
LYSA: That's what you wanted to say.
SANSA: He loves you, Aunt Lysa. He's married to you.
LYSA: Your mother never loved him. Never. Cat always went straight for the sweetest thing. The most obvious thing. Your Uncle Brandon. Your handsome, arrogant, cruel Uncle Brandon. He almost killed Petyr in a duel. And your mother loved him anyway. And now Petyr is risking his life to save you, the daughter of a woman who didn't love him no more than those whores in his brothels. Has he told you about them?
SANSA: No.
LYSA holds SANSA's hands firmly and won't let go.
LYSA: He hasn't told you about the vile things they do with their bodies? The vile things they let him do with their bodies?
SANSA: No, never.
LYSA: Are you pregnant?
SANSA: What? No, I told you. Lord Tyrion and I never...
LYSA: I wasn't asking about Tyrion. What have you let Petyr do with your body?
SANSA: Aunt Lysa, no, I...
LYSA: Your young, pretty body.
SANSA: Nothing. I'm a virgin.
LYSA: Don't lie to me.
SANSA: You're hurting me.
LYSA grips harder.
LYSA: I'll know if you lie.
SANSA: I'm a virgin, I swear it. He loves you, Aunt Lysa. All he says is that I'm stupid. I'm a stupid little girl with stupid dreams who never learns and I'm a terrible liar, so I should always tell the truth. And I swear to you that he has never touched me. Not once, not ever.
LYSA stands up and hugs SANSA to her breast.
LYSA:  Shh. Shh. Shh. It's all right. It will all be all right. You'll be a widow soon. They'll execute that dwarf for murdering the king and you'll be free to marry Robin. You'll be the Lady of the Vale. Hmm.
EXT. The Kingsroad.
BRIENNE and PODRICK ride the road. PODRICK struggles a bit.
BRIENNE: Didn't they teach you how to ride a horse?
PODRICK: Yes, my lady, when I was young. There wasn't much call for it with Lord Tyrion, though. He preferred litters.
BRIENNE: Perhaps you should have stayed with him. It's not going to be a pleasant journey for you. It could take weeks to get to the Wall, depending on the weather.
PODRICK: That's a long way off.
BRIENNE:Well, Lady Sansa's brother's at Castle Black. If I were her, that's where I'd go. Feel free to stop at any point.
PODRICK: Never, my lady. I'm your squire.
BRIENNE: I've made it this far in the world without a squire. I don't see why I need one now.
PODRICK: All knights have squires, my lady.
BRIENNE: I'm not a knight. And I'm not a slaver, either. I don't own you.
PODRICK: I swore an oath, my lady.
BRIENNE: I am releasing you from that oath. That means you could leave.
PODRICK: I know.
BRIENNE: What do you think will happen if you leave?
PODRICK: They'll say I wasn't a very good squire.
PODRICK's horse continues to squirm and whinny.
EXT. The camp of the HOUND and ARYA
The HOUND wakes, and notices that ARYA is gone. He panics, looking for her. Nearby, ARYA practices her agile footwork and swordwork with needle.
HOUND: The hell you doing?
ARYA: Practicing.
She continues to practice her steps.
HOUND: What, ways to die?
ARYA:  No one's going to kill me.
HOUND: They will if you Nance around like that. That's no way to fight.
ARYA: It's not fighting. It's water dancing.
HOUND: Dancing? Maybe you ought to put on a dress. Who taught you that shite?
ARYA does a one-armed cartwheel.
ARYA: The greatest swordsman who ever lived. Syrio Forel, the First Sword to the Sealord of Braavos.
HOUND:  Braavos. (SCOFFS) Greasy-haired little bastard, I bet. They all are.
ARYA: What do you know about anything?
HOUND: I bet his hair is greasier than Joffrey's cunt.
ARYA: It was not.
HOUND: Was? He dead?
ARYA:  Yes.
HOUND: How?
ARYA: He was killed.
HOUND: Who by?
ARYA: Meryn Trant. That's why Ser Meryn...
HOUND:  Meryn Trant? The greatest swordsman who ever lived killed by Meryn fucking Trant?
ARYA:  He was outnumbered.
HOUND:  Any boy whore with a sword could beat three Meryn Trants.
ARYA: Syrio didn't have a sword. Or armor. Just a stick.
HOUND:  The greatest swordsman who ever lived didn't have a sword? (LAUGHS) All right. You have a sword. Let's see what he taught you. Go on, do it for your Braavosi friend. Dead like all the rest of your friends.
ARYA stabs the HOUND in the gut as hard as she can, grunting. It doesn't pierce his armor. He backhands her, and she falls. He picks up Needle and threatens her with it.
HOUND: Your friend's dead and Meryn Trant's not 'cause Trant had armor and a big fucking sword. (SCOFFS)
The hound reverses the sword and hands it back to ARYA.
EXT. KIng's Landing garden.
OBERYN sits writing on a scroll. CERSEI enters, flanked by guards. He stands to greet her.
OBERYN: Your Grace.
CERSEI: Prince Oberyn. Writing letters?
OBERYN:  A poem, actually.
CERSEI: May I show you the gardens?
OBERYN:  I couldn't very well refuse a royal escort.
CERSEI: No, you couldn't.
They walk through the gardens.
CERSEI: I didn't realize you were a poet.
OBERYN: Not a very good one.
CERSEI: For your paramour?
OBERYN: For one of my daughters.
CERSEI: You have several, don't you?
OBERYN: Eight.
CERSEI: Eight? Eight daughters?
OBERYN:  The fifth is difficult. I named her after my sister Elia.
CERSEI: Beautiful name.
OBERYN:  Yes. But I can't say it without turning sad. And after I turn sad, I grow angry.
CERSEI: Perhaps that's why she's difficult. The gods love their stupid jokes, don't they?
OBERYN: Which joke is that?
CERSEI: You're a prince of Dorne. A legendary fighter. A brilliant man feared throughout Westeros. But you could not save your sister. I'm a Lannister. Queen for 19 years. Daughter of the most powerful man alive. But I could not save my son. What good is power if you cannot protect the ones you love?
OBERYN: We can avenge them.
CERSEI: Yes, we can avenge them.
OBERYN: You really believe Tyrion murdered your son?
CERSEI: I know he did.
OBERYN: We will have a trial and we will learn the truth.
CERSEI: We'll have a trial, anyway. I haven't seen my daughter in over a year.
OBERYN: The last time I saw her, she was swimming with two of my girls in the Water Gardens. Laughing in the sun.
CERSEI: I want to believe that. I want to believe she's happy.
OBERYN: You have my word. We don't hurt little girls in Dorne.
CERSEI: Everywhere in the world, they hurt little girls. Would you bring her a gift for me? I wasn't there for her name day. I don't know when I'll see her again.
OBERYN: Anything at all.
CERSEI points to a sailing ship in the bay.
CERSEI: The best shipwrights in King's Landing have been working on it for months. Myrcella loves the open water.
OBERYN: I will have it sailed down to Sunspear for her.
CERSEI: Please tell her... her mother misses her very much.
CERSEI exits.
EXT. The Kingsroad, day
PODRICK is roasting a rabbit. It catches fire.
PODRICK: Oh, no, no, no.
He picks up the spit but the rabbit is engulfed in flames.
PODRICK: No, no, no, no.
He drops the rabbit and stamps it out.
PODRICK: Hells. Gods.
BRIENNE returns with firewood.
BRIENNE: Did you remove the skin?
PODRICK: No, my lady.
BRIENNE: Have you ever cooked a rabbit before?
PODRICK: No, my lady.
BRIENNE: Did you ever cook anything for Lord Tyrion?
PODRICK: No, my lady. That was the cooks.
BRIENNE sits down, exasperated. She begins to remove her armor. PODRICK rushes over to help.
BRIENNE: What are you doing?
PODRICK: I'm helping you with your armor.
BRIENNE: I've been removing my own armor for quite some time, thank you very much.
PODRICK backs away
BRIENNE: What exactly did you do for Lord Tyrion?
PODRICK: I brought him his meals and cleared his table when he was finished. I kept his clothing and linens clean. Carried his messages and returned the replies. Mostly I poured wine.
BRIENNE: Oh. Whilst in Lord Tyrion's service, did you ever do anything remotely related to combat?
PODRICK: I killed a man.
BRIENNE: Who?
PODRICK: A Kingsguard. He tried to kill Lord Tyrion at the Blackwater.
BRIENNE: How did you kill a Kingsguard?
PODRICK: I pushed a spear through the back of his head.
BRIENNE starts to remove her armor straps again.
BRIENNE:  Bloody ridiculous. Help me with these straps.
PODRICK gets up quickly to help.
EXT. Craster's Keep, evening.
RAST leads a WOMAN roughly away from the Keep. LOCKE is watching from behind a tree. RAST pushes the whimpering WOMAN down and laughs.
RAST: Hey. Hey, get up. Get up.
RAST grabs her shirt from behind and pulls her up. The WOMAN sobs. RAST pushes her forward.. They pass by LOCKE. A company of men emerges from the keep.
MAN: That's it lad, put it inside. Get the fire going again. We're all freezing.
MAN #2: Aye. What we need is a girl there.
MAN: I've got to have a piss.
LOCKE sneaks into the grounds.
MAN: Now keep quiet.
LOCKE creeps closer to the main keep, knocking a lantern as he passes, causing it to rattle and then squeak as it swings. He looks into the keep and sees the bound captives as well as some of the traitor rangers.
CUT TO: INT, Craster's Keep.
Within the keep, BRAN hears the squeaking, looks up and sees the swinging lantern. MEERA is also curious. JOJEN coughs
MEERA: You need water.
JOJEN: It doesn't matter.
MEERA: Of course it matters.
JOJEN: You mustn't let anything stop you.
BRAN: They already have stopped me.
JOJEN: No. You're not here. You're far from here.
MEERA: What does that mean?
JOJEN has a vision. The outer wall of the keep disappears, and behind the bound BRAN, the red leaves of a wierwood reaches out in the sunset.
JOJEN: At the hill. A great weirwood tree.
BRAN: You've seen it, too.
JOJEN: Meera and I, even Hodor, we're only here to guide you. He's waiting for you. We have to find it. You have to make it.
BRAN: We will.
JOJEN: This... this isn't the end. Not for you. Not yet.
MEERA: How... will we know the end?
JOJEN looks at his hand. In his vision, it is on fire.
JOJEN: You'll know.
CUT TO: Exterior, Craster's Keep
LOCKE moves stealthily through the woods. He arrives back at the ranger encampment.
LOCKE: Brothers.
JON, DOLOROUS EDD and GRENN step to meet him.
DOLOROUS EDD: You do move quiet.
JON: How many?
LOCKE: 11 men. Most of them already drunk. No guards posted. They don't seem to have a care in the world. We'll carve them up like walnut pie.
GRENN: Karl was a top paid cutthroat in Flea Bottom. I've seen what he can do with a knife.
LOCKE: Have you seen what I can do with a knife?
GRENN: (CHUCKLES) Not yet.
LOCKE: There's a hut on the West Side of the keep. We should steer clear of it.
JON: Why?
LOCKE: They've got some hounds chained up inside. Closer we can get without the dogs sniffing us, the better.
GRENN: New moon tonight.
JON: (SIGHS) Get some rest. We move at sundown.
CUT TO: EXT Craster's Keep
The Keep grounds are lit by torches. A door opens brusquely. KARL and some rangers stride forth, heading to the main keep.
KARL: I've always liked a girl with curls. A touch of class. You take whatever's left.
They enter the main building.
TANNER: Get her up.
Two rangers untie MEERA. She stuggles as they bring her to her feet. x
BRAN: Stop.
JOJEN: Stop. What are you doing?
HODOR: Hodor. Hodor. Hodor.
BRAN: Stop. Stop!
HODOR: Hodor. Hodor.
The traitors raise MEERA's hands above her head to place them into manacles that hang from the beam above.
BRAN: Stop! Please.
HODOR: Hodor.
BRAN:  Please, get off her!
HODOR:  Hodor. Hodor.
MEERA has been put into the manacles, hands raised over her head. JOJEN watches.
BRAN: Please! Please, leave her alone!
BRAN: Please, stop. Stop.
They bind her feet as well.
BRAN: What are you doing? Leave her alone!
HODOR:  Hodor. Hodor.
BRAN: No!
KARL TANNER steps towards her.
KARL: Shh. Shh, shh, shh.
MEERA: (gasps)
KARL: Shh.
MEERA: (whimpers)
KARL touches her hair.
KARL: You've got pretty hair, don't you? Now what is a pretty little highborn girl like you doing out here in the deep, dark woods, eh? You left your daddy's castle looking for trouble, didn't you? No dresses for you. You like it rough, don't you? You like it in the gutter, don't you?
JOJEN: If you let my sister go, I can help you.
KARL: You can help me?
JOJEN: I can.
KARL:And how you gonna do that?
JOJEN: I have the sight. I can see things.
KARL: That's very helpful.
JOJEN: Things that haven't happened yet.
KARL: What a fine thing. A fine thing.
KARL kneels before JOJEN.
KARL: Have you seen what I'm gonna do to your sister? Have you seen what they're going to do to your sister?
JOJEN: No.
KARL draws a knife.
KARL: Don't close your eyes.
KARL TANNER turns and stands, stepping back towards MEERA.
JOJEN: I saw you die tonight. I saw your body burn. I saw the snow fall and bury your bones.
MAN: To arms!
RAST enters.
RAST: They're here, the Night's Watch.
KARL TANNER exits.
CUT TO: Exterior of the Keep
The Night's Watch attack the camp, shouting and screaming. They engage with the traitors, battling with swords. GRENN, JON and LOCKE all dispatch their foes. LOCKE moves intently to the main keep.
CUT TO: Keep interior
LOCKE enters to find BRAN, HODOR, JOJEN and MEERA bound.
LOCKE: Rescue party is here, lads. Lady.
BRAN: Is Jon with you?
LOCKE: Aye. I'll take you to him.
LOCKE cuts BRAN's bonds.
LOCKE: You're Brandon Stark?
BRAN doesn't answer. LOCKE slices him with his knife, testing the feeling in his legs.
MEERA:  (GASPS)
HODOR: Hodor. Hodor.
LOCKE: The little crippled lord. We're going for a ride, boy.
BRON: Jon! Jon!
LOCKE covers BRAN's mouth with his gloved hand to silence him.
LOCKE: Keep talking and I'll cut your friends' throats. Starting with the idiot. Do you hear? Do you hear?
CUT TO: Keep Exterior
The battle rages. The Night's Watch is winning
CUT TO: Keep Interior
BRAN sits silently. LOCKE unbinds him further.
HODOR: Hodor! Hodor! Hodor. Hodor.
LOCKE lifts him onto his shoulders.
HODOR: Hodor. Hodor. Hodor. Hodor. Hodor.
BRAN's eyes turn white, as does HODOR's. HODOR rocks methodically, pulling his chains free from the wall.
CUT TO: Keep Exterior
Jon and the rangers continue to battle against the traitors. JON dispatches man after man.
CUT TO: The woods just beyond the keep
LOCKE carries BRAN, trudging through the woods. HODOR appears and knocks BRAN from LOCKE's shoulder. Both BRAN and HODOR have white eyes: BRAN is in control of the giant. HODOR holds LOCKE above him with one had around his neck. LOCKE chokes and strains. HODOR twists his hand quickly, spanning LOCKE's neck. HODOR drops the lifeless body.
BRAN: Hodor. Hodor, get his knife. Cut me loose.
HODOR is dsazed, confused.
BRAN: Hodor, get his knife. Hodor. Cut me loose, Hodor.
HODOR picks up the knife and cuts BRAN's bonds.
BRAN: Jojen and Meera, free them. Go!
HODOR exits. BRAN can hear the sounds of the battle.
BRAN: Jon.
CUT TO: Keep Exterior
JON fights relentlessly. BRAN crawls closer to the camp.
BRAN: Jon!
JON doesn't hear him in the noise of the battle. JOJEN appears.
JOJEN: If he sees you, he won't let you go north.
BRAN:  He's my brother.
JOJEN: And wants to protect you. He'll take you back to Castle Black.
BRAN watches JON at battle.
JOJEN: You have to decide. Do you want to find the three-eyed raven?
BRAN considers. He watches JON from afar. BRAN makes up his mind.
BRAN: Hodor.
HODOR: Hodor.
BRAN: We need to free Summer. And we need to go.
JOJEN and HODOR help him up.
CUT TO: Keep interior
KARL TANNER stabs a Night's Watchman in the neck. JON enters. KARL TANNER pulls his knife back and bows.
KARL TANNER: Lord Snow. Are you bringing me back for trial?
KARL TANNER spins his knives and walks towards Jon.
KARL TANNER: We had a good thing here. We were free men. You'll never be free. You'll never know what that's like.
They battle, JON's sword against KARL TANNER's knives. It is an even match. They pause for breath.
KARL TANNER: You learn how to fight in a castle?
They engage again. KARL TANNER gets the upper hand and stabs JON in the leg. JON groans.
KARL TANNER: Some old man teach you how to stand, how to parry?
JON frees himself from the dagger and they battle again. KARL TANNER has the upper hand.
KARL TANNER: How to fight with honor?
JON slices KARL TANNER's face, who falls back. They grapple and parry.
KARL TANNER: You know what's wrong with honor?
KARL TANNER spits in JON's face, then sweeps his legs from under him. JON falls and KARL TANNER kicks at him, then stomps on JON's hand to prevent him from grabbing his sword. A stabbing sounds, and KARL TANNER drops his knifes and stumbles backward. SISSY has put a knife in his back. She looks terrified.
KARL TANNER: You.
KARL TANNER reaches back to remove the knife, while walking towards SISSY. She backs away and falls, and KARL TANNER successfully dislodges the knife. He menaces her with it. Suddenly, JON's sword pieces through KARL TANNER's mouth. JON slowly withdraws his bloody blade. KARL TANNER falls dead atop SISSY. JON kneels down to her.
JON: Are you all right? Come with me. Come on.
CUT TO: EXT, Craster's Keep
GRENN slays a traitor. JON and SISSY emerge from the building. DOLOROUS EDD drags LOCKE's body to the others. SISSY runs to MORAG and others of Craster's wives.
JON: We lost four brothers?
DOLOROUD EDD: Five.
They look down at LOCKE. His neck it grotesquely twisted.
GRENN: What the seven hells could do that to a man?
JON: I count 10 dead mutineers.
GRENN: Locke said there were 11 of them.
DOLROUS EDD: Where's Rast?
CUT TO: The woods outside the Keep
RAST runs through the woods. He passes by the cages where the wolves had been penned. They are open. He looks about, and Ghost lunges on top of him. RAST screams.
CUT TO: EXT, Craster's Keep
GRENN, JON and a Night's Watchman survey the grounds. The MAN hands JON a sword.
MAN: Here's another.
GRENN: Jon.
Ghost approaches.
JON: Where in seven hells? Come here.
Ghost whines. JON pets him.
JON: I missed you, boy.
DOLOROUS EDD: What should we do with this lot?
JON: It's not safe for you here on your own. Mance Rayder has an army heading this way and there's worse out there than Mance. Come with us to Castle Black. We can find you work. Keep you safe.
MORAG: Meaning all respect, Ser Crow, Craster beat us and worse. Your brother crows beat us and worse. We'll find our own way.
JON: You want to stay here in Craster's Keep?
MORAG spits.
MORAG: Burn it to the ground and all the dead with it.
CUT TO: The Keep Burning.
JON, DOLOROUS EDD and GRENN watch the keep burn. So do MORAG, SISSY and the remaining wives. The building begins to collapse.
EXT: The sea outside Braavos.
STANNIS and DAVOS ride a Baratheon ship through the legs of a massive statue of a Colossus.
INT: Opulent Braavos chamber
STANNIS and DAVOS wait, pacing anxiously.
DAVOS: Your Grace, if you'd like to sit, I'm sure that--
STANNIS: We've been here since midday.
DAVOS: Easterners have a difference sense of time, I've often found. Once I was waiting for Salladhor Saan here in Braavos. Together, we were going to run three shiploads of the finest--
The door opens. TYCHO NESTORIS and two other Iron bankers enter and sit.
TYCHO: Welcome to the Iron Bank. Please, sit.
STANNIS ponders, then sits.
TYCHO: What can we do for you, Lord Stannis?
DAVOS: This is Stannis of the House Baratheon, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.
TYCHO motions for DAVOS to sit. He does.
TYCHO: The Iron Throne is currently occupied by Tommen of the House Baratheon, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.
STANNIS: He shares no blood with me. He is a bastard born of incest. As was his brother before him.
TYCHO: Yes, we have heard this story.
STANNIS: It's not a story. It's the truth.
TYCHO: The king's grandfather tells a different story. A story about a jealous uncle whose attempts to usurp the throne from the rightful king cost the Seven Kingdoms dearly in blood and gold.
STANNIS: Gold you loaned him.
TYCHO: And you feel your blood gives you a claim on our gold?
STANNIS: More than any man living.
TYCHO: Across the Narrow Sea, your books are filled with words like "usurper" and "madman" and "blood right." Here, our books are filled with numbers. We prefer the stories they tell. More plain. Less open to interpretation. How many fighting men remain loyal to you?
STANNIS: 4,000.
TYCHO: And how many ships do you have? The ones still afloat, Ser Davos, not at the bottom of Blackwater Bay.
DAVOS: 32.
TYCHO: And how much wheat and barley and beef and pork do you produce on Dragonstone to feed your 4,000 men on your 32 ships?
STANNIS: None.
TYCHO: You can see why these numbers seem unlikely to add up to a happy ending from our perspective. I'm afraid we must respectfully decline your request. But we thank you for paying us the honor of your visit.
STANNIS stands to leave. DAVOS rises as well.
DAVOS: My lord.
TYCHO: I'm not a lord, Ser Davos Seaworth. You would not be either here. In Braavos, thieves are not rewarded with titles.
DAVOS: Well, strictly speaking, I didn't do the thieving. That would be the pirates. I just moved what they stole from one place to another.  {DAVOS removes his right glove to show the stubs of his fingers.
DAVOS: This is the payment that was demanded by King Stannis for my crimes. I consider it an honest accounting. He's an honest man and he's your best chance to get back the money you've sunk into Westeros. Which is a lot, I imagine. Wars are expensive.
TYCHO: The war is over.
DAVOS: As long as Stannis lives, the war is not over. Who's the real power in King's Landing?
TYCHO: Ser Davos...
DAVOS: Humor me.
TYCHO:  Tywin Lannister.
DAV OS: How old is Tywin Lannister?
TYCHO:  67.
STANNIS: 67. And when he dies, who's in command? A half-grown boy, the product of incest? Cersei Lannister, a queen whose people despise her? Jaime Lannister, a man best known for killing the king he was sworn to protect? When Tywin's gone, who do you back?
TYCHO: That is a problem for another time.
DAVOS: Begging your pardon, I think it's a problem for now. There's only one reliable leader left in Westeros. Stannis. He's got the birthright. He's in his prime. He's a tried and tested battle commander. And he doesn't just talk about paying people back, he does it.
DAVOS displays his hand as proof.
INT: Braavosi bathhouse.
SALLADOR SAAN  sits in a bath with two prostitutes.
SALLADOR: The lookout sees a pirate ship sailing their way. The captain shouts to his first mate, "Bring me my red shirt." The first mate brings the red shirt and the captain puts it on. And when the pirates try to board, the brave captain leads his men to victory. A few days later, the lookout screams, "Two pirate ships!" The crew is shivering like scared mice. But the courageous captain hollers, "Bring me my red shirt!"
DAVOS enters.
SALLADOR: After the battle, the first mate asks, "Captain, why do you call for your red shirt before battle?" The captain replies, "So that if I am stabbed, you will not see me bleed." The next morning the lookout screams, "10 pirate ships! We are surrounded!" The crew goes silent.
DAVOS sits beside the bath, indulging SALLADOR..
SALLADOR: They all look to their brave captain, waiting for his usual command. Calm as ever, the captain bellows...
WOMEN: "Bring me my brown pants!"
DAVOS: You think they ever met a pirate who didn't tell them that joke?
SALLADOR: Davos. I heard you were rotting in a dungeon in Dragonstone.
DAVOS: Only half rotted.
SALLADOR and DAVOS clasp hands and laugh.
SALLADOR: Join us, my friend. Join us. This is Lhara. And this is--
LHARA:  I am Lhara.
SALLADOR slaps her playfully and LHARA squeals.
SALLADOR: She's an artist, this one, truly.
DAVOS: No time, I'm afraid. We sail at sunrise.
SALLADOR: We?
SALLADOR: Once I thought this man loved me. Now I know he despises me. He wants to see me die poor and alone on some cold--
DAVOS throws down a weighty purse. SALLADOR opens it and begins counting.
DAVOS: You won't be alone. And you won't be poor.
SALLADOR sighs in resignation.
DAVOS: There's a chest of the good stuff left back at your house. I gave it to your wife.
The women laugh.
SALLADOR: You're not my friend, my friend.
DAVOS: (laughs) I'll see you at sunrise.
EXT: An Ironborn ship at sea.
YARA addresses the Ironborn.
While YARA reads the letter in voice over, RAMSAY and MYRANDA aggressively having sex.
MYRANDA: Yes!
YARA's voice over continues, as she and the Ironborn row in darkness.
YARA: They skinned our countrymen and they mutilated my brother, your prince. Your prince.  Everything they've done to him, they've also done to you.
CUT TO: MYRANDA and RAMSAY
MYRANDA: Yes! Yes!
YARA: As long as they can hurt our prince with impunity, the word ironborn means nothing.
EXT: The waters outside the Dreadfort
Three Ironborn skiffs row towards  the Dreadfort
INT: RAMSAY's bedroom
MYRANDA and RAMSAY are still at it. MYRANDA moans.
EXT: the Dreadfort castle wall.
A grappling hook sails onto the rampart. A GUARD walks over to investigate, and receives a battle axe to the forehead. Yara comes over the wall, followeds by more ironborn raiders.
FIRST MATE: Go left.
The Ironborn clash with the Bolton guards. YARA takes one hostage.
YARA:  Theon Greyjoy.
BOLTON GUARD:  I don't know--
YARA: I'm here for Theon Greyjoy. Take me to the dungeons.
BOLTON GUARD: He's not in the dungeons.
CUT TO: The kennel.
Many dogs sit in cages. The FIRST MATE comes down the steps bearing a torch, followed by YARA and her hostage BOLTON GUARD.
BOLTON GUARD: Last cage on the right.
YARA: Thank you.
She slits his throat and takes the torch from the IRONBORN. She walks into the kennel and the dogs start barking
YARA: This way!
She finds THEON, who recoils in fear. She opens his cage.
YARA: We're going home.
THEON: No!
YARA: It's all right. It's me, Yara.
THEON: You can't trick me. Tell him. Tell him you couldn't trick me.
YARA: I'm not tricking you, Theon. I'm saving you.
THEON:  Not Theon! Reek! Reek! My name is Reek!
FIRST MATE:  They're here.
YARA: If they catch us in here, we're trapped. Help me with him.
YARA and her FIRST MATE grab at THEON, trying to pull him out of the cage. The dogs bark.
THEON: No, you can't! You can't!
YARA: You're Theon Greyjoy.
THEON: No, I don't believe her! I know who I am! I'm Reek! Reek! Loyal Reek! Good Reek! I've always been Reek!
RAMSEY enters with some Bolton guards, covered in bloody scratch marks as the dogs continue to bark. The FIRST MATE silences THEON. The Ironborn soldiers take a defensive position in front of THEON, YARA and the FIRST MATE.
RAMSAY: This is turning into a lovely evening.
RAMSAY charges and the Ironborn and Bolton engage in battle. The dogs bark and snarl in thier cages. RAMSAY fights effectively with his daggers.
THEON: I'm Reek! Loyal Reek!
The FIRST MATE covers THEON's mouth once more.
YARA grapples with a Bolton guard, who bites her hand.
YARA: Aah! Theon!
THEON runs back into his cage, terrified. YARA quickly dispatches three guards and faces RAMSAY, panting.
YARA: Give me my brother and no more of your men will die.
RAMSAY:  You've got bigger balls than he ever did. But with those big balls of yours...
RAMSAY produces a large key.
RAMSAY: how fast can you run?
RAMSAY opens the cage.
EXT: the shore
YARA and the ironborn return to their skiff
YARA: Make for the ship, now.
IRONBORN: But your brother.
YARA: My brother is dead.
INT: The Dreadfort, morning.
RAMSAY runs his hand through a warm bath. THEON stands in the background, meekly.
RAMSAY: I have a treat for you. A reward.
THEON: Reward?
RAMSAY: Yes, Reek. Those creatures who came in the night, they wanted to take you away. And you didn't let them. You remained loyal.
RAMSAY stands and walks to THEON.
RAMSAY:  Yes, yes, Reek. It's a bath. For you. Remove those rags. Now.
THEON removes his shirt. His torso is covered with scars.
RAMSAY: The britches, too, Reek. Take them off.
THEON removes his pants. RAMSAY points him to the bath, and he gets in, clumsily and warily. RAMSAY sits on the lip of the tub. He takes a sponge and begins to wash Theon.
THEON: (gasps)
RAMSAY: Do you love me, Reek?
THEON: Yes, of course, my lord.
RAMSAY: Good. Because I need you to do something for me. Something very important. There's a castle, you see. Some bad men hold this castle. I need your help to take this castle back.
THEON: But how can--
RAMSAY: I need you to play a role. To pretend to be someone you're not.
THEON: Pretend to be who?
RAMSAY: Theon Greyjoy.
EXT: Goat Field near Meereen.
A GOATHERD and GOATHERD'S SON tend their flock. The GOATHERD'S SON throws stones in the river to amuse himself. He looks down, and suddenly Drogon flies overhead. He spits fire and takes a goat and flies off, screeching
INT: Meereen throne room.
The GOATHERD stands before DAENERYS. JORAH, BARRISTAN SELMY and MISSANDEI stand with her, while GREY WORM stands guard.
DAENERYS: (speaking Valyrian) You stand before Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, the First of Her Name, Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons. Don't be afraid, my friend.
The GOATHERD stands motionless, head bowed.
MISSANDEI: The Queen says you may approach and speak.
The GOATHERD steps forward and ascends the stairs.
GOATHERD: (speaks Valyrian).
MISSANDEI: He is a goatherd. He says he prayed for your victory against the slave masters.
DAENERYS: I thank him for his prayers.
MISSANDEI: (speaks Valyrian)
The GOATHERD places his bundle on the ground and reveals the charred of his goat.
GOATHERD: (speaks Valyrian).
MISSANDEI: It was your dragons, he says. They came this morning for his flock.
GOATHERD: (speaks Valyrian).
MISSANDEI: He hopes he has not offended Your Grace, but now he has nothing.
DAENERYS: Tell this man I am sorry for his hardship. I cannot bring back his goats,
MISSANDEI: (translates)
DAENERYS:  but I will see he is paid their value three times over.
GOATHERD: (speaks Valyrian, excitedly thanking her).
The GOATHERD gathers his bundle and exits. DAENERYS is pleased.
DAENERYS: Send the next one in.
HIZDAHR ZO LORAQ and his MANSERVANT enters.
MANSERVANT: (Speaking Valyrian) The noble Hizdahr zo Loraq begs an audience with the Queen.
DAENERYS: (Speaking Valyrian) The noble Hizdahr zo Loraq can speak to me himself.
The MANSERVANT retreats and HIZDAHR comes forward and bows.
HIZDAHR: Queen Daenerys. Tales of your beauty were not exaggerated.
DAENERYS: I thank you.
HIZDAHR: Mine is one of the oldest and proudest families in Meereen.
DAENERYS: Then it is my honor to receive you.
HIZDAHR: My father, one of Meereen's most respected and beloved citizens, oversaw the restoration and maintenance of its greatest landmarks. This pyramid included.
DAENERYS: For that, he has my gratitude. I should be honored to meet him.
HIZDAHR: You have, Your Grace. You crucified him. I pray you'll never live to see a member of your family treated so cruelly.
DAENERYS: Your father crucified innocent children.
HIZDAHR: My father spoke out against crucifying those children. He decried it as a criminal act, but was overruled. Is it justice to answer one crime with another?
DAENERYS: I am sorry you no longer have a father, but my treatment of the masters was no crime. You'd be wise to remember that.
HIZDAHR: What's done is done. You are the queen and I am a servant of Meereen. A servant who does not wish to see its traditions eradicated.
DAENERYS: And what traditions do you speak of?
HIZDAHR: The tradition of funeral rite. Proper burial in the Temple of the Graces. My father and 162 noble Meereenese are still nailed to those posts, carrion for vultures, rotting in the sun.
HIZDAHR kneels.
HIZDAHR: Your Grace, I ask that you order these men taken down so that they might receive proper burials.
DAENERYS: And what of the slave children these noble Meereenese crucified? They were rotting in the sun as well. Would you have begged me for their right to a proper burial?
HIZDAHR: Your Grace, I cannot defend the actions of the masters. I can only speak to you as a son who loved his father. Let me take his body down. Let me have him brought to the temple and buried with dignity so that he might find peace in the next world.
DAENERYS: Bury your father, Hizdahr zo Loraq.
HIZDAHR: Thank you, my queen.
HIZDAHR exits with his MANSERVANT
DAENERYS: How many more?
MISSANDEI: There are 212 supplicants waiting, Your Grace.
DAENERYS:  212?
She looks to JORAH, who shrugs.
DAENERYS: Send the next one in.
INT: King's Landing Small Council room.
OBERYN meets with CERSEI, VARYS, MACE TYRELL and PYCELLE.
OBERYN: These meetings aren't always going to be this early, are they? I was up late last night. So, does this mean I am a master of something now? Coins, ships?
MACE: Lord Tywin and I already determined that I shall be the Master of Ships long before you--
TYWIN enters and everyone rises, save OBERYN. TYWIN sits and the head of the table.
MACE: Lord Tywin, it's a great honor to have been granted a seat on this council. I--
Everyone sits.
TYWIN: The trial begins this afternoon. We only have the morning for affairs of state. Shall we begin?
VARYS: Sandor Clegane has been spotted in the Riverlands, my lord.
CERSEI: A coward and a traitor.
VARYS: My birds tell me the Hound slaughtered five of our soldiers. I believe the phrase "fuck the king" was uttered.
PYCELLE: Disgraceful.
TYWIN: What would it take to make the common soldier stupid enough to try his luck with the Hound?
VARYS: 10 silver stags seems a generous bounty.
TYWIN: Make it 100. What else?
VARYS: More whispers from the east, my lord.
TYWIN: The Targaryen girl?
VARYS: Daenerys has taken up residence in Meereen. She has conquered the city and rules as its queen.
CERSEI: Conquered with what?
CERSEI: Baby dragons. Larger every year, Your Grace.
PYCELLE: Mormont is spying on her for us.
VARYS: No longer. He appears to be fully devoted to her. As for Ser Barristan, it would seem he took his dismissal from the Kingsguard a bit harder than anticipated.
CERSEI: He's an old man. He wasn't fit to protect my son.
TYWIN: Joffrey didn't die on his watch. Dismissing him was as insulting as it was stupid.
CERSEI: Don't tell me you're worried about a child halfway across the world.
VARYS: A child with two seasoned warriors counseling her and a powerful army at her back, Your Grace.
OBERYN: Lord Varys is right. I have been to Essos and seen the Unsullied firsthand. They are very impressive on the battlefield. Less so in the bedroom.
TYWIN: Dragons haven't won a war in 300 years. Armies win them all the time. She must be dealt with.
PYCELLE: How, my lord? By force?
TYWIN: Eventually, if it comes to that. Can your little birds find their way into Meereen?
VARYS: Most certainly, my Lord Hand.
TYWIN: Mmm. Lord Tyrell, be a good man. Fetch my quill and paper.
MACE stands to retrieve them, and exits.
INT: The Iron Throne room
VARYS: Prince Oberyn.
OBERYN: Lord Varys...
VARYS: Only Varys. I'm not actually a nobleman. No one is under obligation to call me lord.
OBERYN: And yet everyone does.
VARYS: You seem quite knowledgeable about the Unsullied. Did you spend much time in Essos?
OBERYN: Five years.
VARYS: May I ask why?
OBERYN: 'Tis a big and beautiful world. Most of us live and die in the same corner where we were born and never get to see any of it. I don't want to be most of us.
VARYS: Most of us aren't princes.
OBERYN: You are from Essos. Where? Lys?
VARYS: I have an ear for accents. I've lost my accent entirely.
OBERYN: I have an ear for that as well. How did you get here?
VARYS: It's a long story.
OBERYN: One you don't like telling people.
VARYS: People I trust.
OBERYN: My paramour Ellaria, she would find you very interesting. You should come to the brothel and meet her. We brought our own wine, not the swill they serve here. We have some lovely boys on retainer, but...
VARYS doesn't answer.
OBERYN: You did like boys before?
VARYS: (shakes his head)
OBERYN:  Really? Girls? Hmm. I hope you won't be offended when I say I never would have guessed.
VARYS: Not at all. But I was never interested in girls, either.
OBERYN:  What then?
VARYS:  Nothing.
OBERYN: Everybody is interested in something.
VARYS: Not me. When I see what desire does to people, what it's done to this country, I am very glad to have no part in it. Besides, the absence of desire leaves one free to pursue other things.
OBERYN: Such as?
VARYS doesn't answer, but looks over to the throne instead. He exits.  OBERYN ponders.
INT: TYRION's cell
JAIME peeks through the window of the cell. TYRION sits on his bed. JAIME asks the guard to open the door, then enters the cell.
TYRION: Let me guess, I've been pardoned.
JAIME nods an order to the guards behind him. They put him in manacles.
TYRION: Really?
JAIME: Father's orders.
TYRION: Well, we mustn't disappoint Father.
INT: King's Landing,  the Iron Throne room
A door opens, and JAIME and TYRION enter. TYRION walks down the aisle through the crowd,  flanked by two guards.
MAN: Kingslayer!
TOMMEN sits on the Iron Throne, TYWIN at his side. TYRION Is led to the accused dais, where his wrists are freed. JAIME steps away, as do the guards. OBERYN and MACE TYRELL stand just to the right of the Iron Throne. TYRION takes measure of the room.
TYWIN motions to TOMMEN, who rises in response. Everyone in the hall does as well, including MARGAERY, LORAS and CERSEI.
TOMMEN: I, Tommen of the House Baratheon, First of my Name, King of the Andals and the First Men, and Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, do hereby recuse myself from this trial. Tywin of the House Lannister, Hand of the King, Protector of the Realm, will sit as judge in my stead. And with him Prince Oberyn of the House Martell and Lord Mace of the House Tyrell. And if found guilty... may the gods punish the accused.
TOMMEN exits, walking past both TYRION and JAIME. OBERYN and MACE TYRELL join TYWIN on the main platform. Everyone sits, save TYRION.
TYWIN: Tyrion of the House Lannister, you stand accused by the Queen Regent of regicide. Did you kill King Joffrey?
TYRION: No.
TYWIN: Did your wife, the Lady Sansa?
TYRION: Not that I know of.
TYWIN: How would you say he died, then?
TYRION: Choked on his pigeon pie.
TYWIN: So you would blame the bakers?
TYRION: Or the pigeons. Just leave me out of it.
TWYIN: The crown may call its first witness.
CUT TO: The throne room, a bit later.
MERYN TRANT is on the stand.
MERYN TRANT: Once we'd got King Joffrey safely away from the mob, the Imp rounded on him. He slapped the king across the face and called him a vicious idiot and a fool. It wasn't the first time the Imp threatened Joffrey. Right here in this throne room, he marched up those steps and called our king a halfwit. Compared His Grace to the Mad King and suggested he'd meet the same fate. And when I spoke in the king's defense, he threatened to have me killed.
TYRION: Oh, why don't you tell them what Joffrey was doing?
TYWIN: Silence.
TYRION: Pointing a loaded crossbow at Sansa Stark while you tore at her clothes and beat her.
TYWIN: Silence! You will not speak unless called upon. You're dismissed, Ser Meryn.
MERYN TRANT exits, eyeing TYRION on his way out.
CUT TO: The throne room, a bit later.
PYCELLE is on the stand.
PYCELLE: Basilisk venom, widow's blood, wolfsbane, essence of nightshade, sweetsleep, tears of Lys, demon's dance... blind eye--
OBERYN: I think you have made your point, Grand Maester. You have a lot of poison in your store.
PYCELLE: Had, Prince Oberyn. My stores were plundered.
TYWIN: By whom?
PYCELLE: By the accused, Tyrion Lannister, after he had me wrongfully imprisoned.
TYWIN: Grand Maester, you examined King Joffrey's corpse. Was it without question poison that killed him?
PYCELLE: Without question.
The crowd murmurs. PYCELLE removes a necklace from his sleeve.
PYCELLE: This was found on the body of Dontos Hollard, the king's fool. He was last seen spiriting Sansa Stark, the wife of the accused, away from the feast. She wore this necklace the day of the wedding. Residue of a most rare and terrible poison was found inside.
TYWIN: Was this one of the poisons stolen from your store?
PYELLE: It was. The Strangler. A poison few in the Seven Kingdoms possess. And used to strike down the most noble child the gods ever put on this good earth.
The crowd murmurs.
CUT TO: The throne room, a bit later.
CERSEI is on the stand.
CERSEI: "I will hurt you for this. A day will come when you think you are safe and happy and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth and you will know the debt is paid."
MACE: Your own brother said this to you?
CERSEI: (Nods.) Shortly before the Battle of Blackwater Bay. I confronted him about his plans to put Joffrey on the front lines. As it turned out, when the attack came, Joff insisted on remaining at the battlements. He believed his presence would inspire the troops.
OBERYN: Tyrion said, "And you will know the debt is paid." What debt?
CERSEI: I discovered he'd been keeping whores in the Tower of the Hand. I asked him to confine his salacious acts to the brothel where such behavior belongs. He wasn't pleased.
TYRION: (shakes his head)
TYWIN: Thank you, Your Grace, for the courage of your testimony.
MARGAERY sighs. CERSEI leaves the witness stand. JAIME watches her return to her seat, and their eyes lock.
CUT TO: The throne room, a bit later.
VARYS is on the stand.
MACE: Do you remember the precise nature of this threat?
VARYS: I'm afraid I do, my lord. He said, "Perhaps you should speak more softly to me, then. Monsters are dangerous and just now kings are dying like flies."
MACE: And he said this to you at a meeting of the small council?
VARYS: Yes. After we received word of Robb Stark's death. He didn't seem gladdened by the news. Perhaps his marriage to Sansa Stark had made him more sympathetic to the northern cause.
The crowd murmurs.
TWYIN: You're excused, Lord Varys.
VARYS nods and leaves the stand.
TYRION: Father, may I ask the witness one question?
TYWIN: One.
TYRION: You once said that without me, this city would have faced certain defeat. You said the histories would never mention me, but you would not forget. Have you forgotten, Lord Varys?
VARYS: Sadly, my lord, I never forget a thing.
VARYS bows and exits. TYRION watches him go.
TYWIN: We will adjourn for now.
TYWIN, OBERYN and MACE stand.
TYWIN: Toll the bells in an hour's time.
GUARD: Clear the court!
The crowd stands.
JAIME and CERSEI look at one another. The crowd files out and TYRION sits, dejected.
INT; Tywin's chambers.
TYWIN sits eating. JAIME stands.
JAIME: You'd condemn your own son to death?
TYWIN: I've condemned no one. The trial is not over.
JAIME: This isn't a trial. It's a farce. Cersei has manipulated everything and you know it.
TYWIN: I know nothing of the sort.
JAIME:  You've always hated Tyrion.
TYWIN: He killed his king.
JAIME: As did I. Do you know the last order the Mad King gave me? To bring him your head. I saved your life so you could murder my brother?
TYWIN:  It won't be murder. It'll be justice.
JAIME:  Justice?
TYWIN: I'm performing my sworn duty as Hand of the King. If Tyrion is found guilty, he will be punished accordingly.
JAIME: He'll be executed.
TYWIN:  No, he'll be punished accordingly.
JAIME: Once you said family is what lives on. All that lives on. You told me about a dynasty that would last 1,000 years. What happens to your dynasty when Tyrion dies? I'm a Kingsguard, forbidden by oath to carry on the family line.
TYWIN: I'm well aware of your oath.
JAIME: What happens to your name? Who carries the lion banner into future battles? Your nephews? Lancel Lannister? Others whose names I don't even remember?
TYWIN: What happens to my dynasty if I spare the life of my grandson's killer?
JAIME: It survives through me. I'll leave the Kingsguard. I'll take my place as your son and heir if you let Tyrion live.
TYWIN: Done.
JAIME is speechless.
TYWIN: When the testimony's concluded and a guilty verdict rendered, Tyrion will be given the chance to speak. He'll plead for mercy. I'll allow him to join the Night's Watch. In three days' time, he'll depart for Castle Black and live out his days at the Wall. You'll remove your white cloak immediately. You will leave King's Landing to assume your rightful place at Casterly Rock. You will marry a suitable woman and father children named Lannister. And you'll never turn your back on your family again.
JAIME: You have my word.
TYWIN: And you have mine.
A bell tolls and JAIME exits. TYWIN drinks.  --
INT: The Iron Throne room
The crowd assembles once again. JAIME enters and walks over to TYRION, who sits in the accused box.
TYRION: Not going well, is it?
JAIME: You're going to be found guilty.
TYRION: Oh, you think so?
JAIME: When you are, you need to enter a formal plea for mercy and ask to be sent to the Wall. Father's agreed to it. He'll spare your life and allow you to join the Night's Watch.
TYRIOM: Ned Stark was promised the same thing and we both know how that turned out.
CERSEI enters. She watches her brothers whispering.
JAIME: Father is not Joffrey. He'll keep his word.
YTRION: How do you know?
TYWIN, OBERYN and MACE enter and the crowd stands.
JAIME: Do you trust me?
TYRION: (nods)
JAIME: Keep your mouth shut. No more outbursts. This will all be over soon.
The crowd sits and JAIME takes his place.
TYWIN: The crown may call its next witness.
There are footsteps. TYRION turns and is shocked to see SHAE enter. She enters the witness box, looking down.
TYWIN: State your name.
SHAE: Shae.
TYWIN: Do you swear by all the gods that your testimony will be true and honest?
SHAE: I swear it.
TYWIN: Do you know this man?
SHAE looks at TYRION.
SHAE: Yes. Tyrion Lannister.
TYWIN: How do you know him?
SHAE: I was handmaiden to his wife Lady Sansa.
TYWIN: This man stands accused of murdering King Joffrey. What do you know of this?
SHAE: I know that he's guilty.
The crowd gasps.
SHAE: He and Sansa planned it together.
The crowd murmurs.
TYWIN: Silence! Continue.
TYRION sits, shocked.
SHAE: She wanted revenge for her father, her mother, her brother. She blamed their deaths on the king. Tyrion was happy to help. He hated Joffrey. He hated the queen. He hated you, my lord.
The crowd murmurs.
SHAE: He stole poison from the Grand Maester's chamber to put in Joffrey's wine.
OBERYN: How could you possibly know all this? Why would he reveal such plans to his wife's maid?
SHAE: I wasn't just her maid. I was his whore.
The crowd murmurs.
MACE: I beg your pardon? You said you were his...
SHAE: His whore.
TYWIN: How did you come to be in his service?
SHAE: He stole me. I was with another man, a knight in your lordship's army. But when Tyrion arrived at the camp, he sent one of his cutthroats into our tent. He broke the knight's arm and brought me to Lord Tyrion. "You belong to me now," he said. "I want you to fuck me like it's my last night in this world."
The crowd laughs.
TYWIN: Silence. Silence!
OBERYN: And did you?
SHAE: Did I what?
OBERYN: Fuck him like it was his last night in this world.
SHAE: I did everything he wanted. Whatever he told me to do to him. Whatever he felt like doing to me. I kissed him where he wanted. I licked him where he wanted. I let him put himself where he wanted. I was his property. I would wait in his chambers for hours so he could use me when he was bored. He ordered me to call him "my lion," so I did. I took his face in my hands and said, "I am yours and you are mine."
TYRION: Shae. Please don't.
SHAE: I am a whore. Remember? That was before he married Sansa. After that, all he wanted was her. But she wouldn't let him into her bed. So he promised to kill King Joffrey for her.
The crowd clamors.
TYRION: Father, I wish to confess. I wish... to confess.
JAIME is shocked.
TYWIN: You wish to confess?
TYRION turns to the crowd.
TYRION: I saved you. I saved this city and all your worthless lives. I should have let Stannis kill you all.
The crowd clamors.
TYWIN: Tyrion. Do you wish to confess?
TYRION: Yes, Father. I'm guilty. Guilty. Is that what you want to hear?
TYWIN: You admit you poisoned the king?
TYRION: No, of that I'm innocent. I'm guilty of a far more monstrous crime. I am guilty of being a dwarf.
TYWIN: You are not on trial for being a dwarf.
TYRION: Oh, yes, I am. I've been on trial for that my entire life.
TYWIN: Have you nothing to say in your defense?
TYRION: (To Cersei) Watching your vicious bastard die gave me more relief than 1,000 lying whores.
TYRION: (To the crowd) I wish I was the monster you think I am. I wish I had enough poison for the whole pack of you. I would gladly give my life to watch you all swallow it.
TYWIN: Ser Meryn. Ser Meryn. Escort the prisoner back to his cell.
TYRION: I will not give my life for Joffrey's murder. And I know I'll get no justice here. So I will let the gods decide my fate. I demand a trial by combat.
The crowd clamors.
INT. King's Landing, Tyrion's Cell, day
JAIME and TYRION stand in the jail cell.
JAIME: I made a deal for you to keep your ungrateful head on your ungrateful neck a little while longer.
TYRION: I'm sorry, what am I grateful for? The opportunity to live and die at the Wall as punishment for a crime I did not commit?
JAIME: You threw your life away. You threw it away. It's not a joke. You understand that, don't you?
JAIME: You fell in love with a whore.
TYRION: Yes, I fell in love with a whore. And I was stupid enough to think that she had fallen in love with me. That deal you made, it was everything Father wanted. You do see that? He gets you back as his heir. The future Lord of the Rock. And he ships me off to Castle Black, out of sight at last. All so perfect. It felt good to take that from him. He knows I'm innocent and he's willing to sacrifice me anyway. He's willing to sacrifice any of us. Not you. You're the golden son. You could kill a king, lose a hand, fuck your own sister, you'll always be the golden son.
JAIME: Careful. I'm the last friend you've got.
TYRION: At least I got to tell them what they really are.
JAIME: Yes, brilliant speech. They'll be talking about it for days to come. I thought you were a realist. Didn't realize you'd die for pride.
TYRION: Don't give up on me just yet. I survived one trial by combat, even though you weren't there to save me.
JAIME: I can't save you this time either. My training has proved that I can't beat a stable boy with my left hand.
TYRION: Where's your sense of adventure? Even if you lose, imagine the look on Father's face when you fall.
JAIME: (laughs)
TYRION: Our family name snuffed out with a single swing of the sword.
JAIME: It is tempting.
TYRION: Well... Bronn fought for me once, he'll do it again. If he wins, I expect I'll be in his debt for the rest of my life.
JAIME: If he wins.
TYRION: Will you find him for me? Who does Cersei plan on naming as a champion? I hope it's Ser Meryn Trant. I'd enjoy watching Bronn disembowel that pompous child beater.
JAIME: No. Not Ser Meryn.
EXT. King's Landing battle pit, day
The MOUNTAIN gores a prisoner on his great sword, heaving him mightily into the air. Blood streams from his mouth as the MOUNTAIN discards his body onto the sand. CERSEI watches. A line of filthy prisoners wait for a similar fate, a pair of guards behind them. A GUARD pushes the next PRISONER forward.
GUARD: Go on, move it.
The GUARD pushes PRISONER #2 forward. They reach
GUARD: And you. Come on.
The prisoners reach down to pick up meager weapons. PRISONER #1 attacks the MOUNTAIN, who parries and then disembowels him with a single blow. He takes a step forward. PRISONER #2 throws down his weapon and drops to his knees. The line of prisoners panics and the guards work to contain them.
PRISONER #2: Mercy. Please. Please, mercy.
CERSEI enters as the MOUNTAIN dispatches PRISONER #2 with a series of overhead blows.
CERSEI: Ser Gregor. Welcome to the capital. Thank you for riding here so quickly.
CERSEI looks down.
CERSEI: You seem to be in good form.
MOUNTAIN: Who am I fighting?
CERSEI: Does it matter?
MOUNTAIN: (Shakes his head.)
EXT. The Riverlands.
ARYA and the HOUND ride up to a smoldering farm.
HOUND: Could be food.
ARYA: Could be soldiers.
ARYA and the HOUND dismount and explore the farm. They come upon a DYING MAN, who sits propped up with a gut wound.
ARYA: You shouldn't be sitting out here like this.
DYING MAN: Where else to sit? Tried to walk back to my hut, hurt too much. Then I remembered they burned my hut down.
HOUND: Who were "they"?
DYING MAN: I stopped asking a while ago.
The HOUND kneels down to inspect his wound.
HOUND: That's not gonna get better.
DYING MAN: Doesn't seem so.
HOUND: A bad way to go. Haven't you had enough?
DYING MAN: Of what? I know. Time to go. Take matters into my own hands. The thought has occurred to me.
ARYA kneels.
ARYA: So why go on?
DYING MAN: Habit.
ARYA: Nothing could be worse than this.
DYING MAN: Maybe nothing is worse than this.
ARYA: Nothing isn't better or worse than anything. Nothing is just nothing.
DYING MAN: Who are you?
ARYA: My name is Arya. Arya Stark.
DYING MAN: You her father?
HOUND: (Shakes his head.) Her captor. Bringing her to her aunt for ransom.
DYING MAN: A fair exchange, that is. Always held to the notion of fair exchange in all my dealings. You give me, I give you. Fair. A balance. No balance anymore. Could I have a drink? Dying is thirsty work.
The HOUND gives him a drink of water.
DYING MAN: Wish it were wine.
HOUND: So do I.
The HOUND stabs the DYING MAN in the heart. He dies. The HOUND wipes the blood from his knife on the man's arm.
HOUND: That's where the heart is. That's how you kill a man.
Suddenly, BITER jumps onto the the HOUND's back, shouting and biting his neck. The HOUND throws BITER down, breaking his neck in the process. He turns to see RORGE, weapon drawn.
HOUND: The fuck you doing?
RORGE: There's a price on your head.
HOUND: Guess that's what the king does when you tell him to fuck off.
RORGE: The king's dead. He drank poisoned wine at his own wedding. The bounty on you is for killing Lannister soldiers. 100 silver stags.
HOUND: And you thought you were going to collect it? Didn't think very hard, did you?
ARYA: You were Yoren's prisoners when he was taking me to the Wall. He told me he'd fuck me bloody with a stick.
HOUND: This day's really not working out the way you planned. He on your little list?
ARYA: He can't be. I don't know his name.
HOUND: What's your name?
RORGE:  Rorge.
ARYA: Thank you.
ARYA draws needle quickly and pierces RORGE in the heart. He groans and falls. ARYA wipes her sword clean on his body.
HOUND: You're learning.
EXT. Castle Black courtyard.
The rangers train in the yard.  A horn blows
MAN: Rangers returning!
MAN #2: They return!
JON, GRENN, DOLOROUS EDD and their party enter. The men in the yard greet them, including SAM.
MAN #2: Rangers returning!
JON: Greetings.
MAN #3: Didn't think I'd see you again.
JON and SAM hug.
SAM: All right, Jon?
MAN #4: Welcome back, brother.
ALLISER THORNE and JANOS SLYNT enter on the platform above.
ALLISER: Lord Snow.
JON finishes greeting OLLY. They all look up. Ghost barks.
ALLISER: This is no place for wild beasts. Lock him away or I'll let Hobb throw him in tonight's stew.
JON turns and walks away
JON: Come on, Ghost.
INT. Castle Black Hall.
The Night's Watch is gathered for a meeting. From the floor, JON addresses ALLISER THRONE who sits at the elevated table with JANOS SLYNT. First builder YARWICK also sits at the head table.
JON: Mance's army was closing in on Craster's Keep when we left. We saw their campfires from Osric's Hill. They'll reach the Wall before the next full moon.
JANOS SLYNT: I'm surprised you didn't ride over and say hello. The King-beyond-the-Wall is your old friend, isn't he?
JON: We need to prepare.
ALLISER: We've been preparing.
JON: We should seal the tunnel. Plug it with rocks and ice. Flood it and let it freeze.
ALLISER: And how would we range north?
JON: We wouldn't.
ALLISER: Coward. You would cut off our legs, pluck out our eyes, leave us cowering behind the Wall hoping for the storm to pass?
GRENN: We can't defend the gate against 100,000 men.
ALLISER: This castle has stood for thousands of years. The Night's Watch has defended her for thousands of years. And in all those centuries, we have never sealed the tunnel.
JON: Have you ever seen a giant, Ser Alliser? I have.
ALLISER: The bars on those gates are four inches thick. Cold-rolled steel.
JON: They won't stop them.
ALLISER: Remind me which order you belong to, Lord Snow.
JON: The stewards.
ALLISER: Are the stewards responsible for maintaining the tunnel?
JON: No.
ALLISER: Who would that be?
JON: The builders.
ALLISER:Ah, the builders. First Builder Yarwyck, Lord Snow here recommends sealing the tunnel, leaving us unable to carry out our duties as sworn brothers of the Night's Watch. Do you agree with him?
YARWICK: (Pauses.) No.
ALLISER: Given your deep knowledge of the wildling army, Lord Snow, you and Tarly will take night duties atop the Wall until the full moon.
The room laughs.
ALLISER: Moving on. First Builder, we'll need 100 barrels of pitch brought atop the wall.
YARWICK: Aye.
JON sits in frustration.
INT. TYRION's cell.
TYRION sits and looks out the window. A door opens beyond his cell. BRONN walks down the stairs and is let into the cell.
BRONN: My lord.
TYRION: You have new clothes.
BRONN:  Do you like 'em? Eh? Gloves are doeskin. Softer than a virgin's thighs.
TYRION: I sent for you days ago.
BRONN:  I've been a bit busy.
TYRION: Doing what?
BRONN: My lonesome bachelor days are over. I'm to wed Lollys Stokeworth.
TYRION: Lollys Stokeworth? She doesn't strike me as your sort of girl.
BRONN: I wouldn't say I had a single sort of girl.
TYRION: She's dim-witted.
BRONN: If I wanted wits, I'd marry you.
TYRION: When my sister arranged this love match, did she mention that Lollys has an older sister?
BRONN: Falyse. Aye, I did know about the older sister.
TYRION: And you understand the rules of inheritance?
BRONN: Falyse is 40 and barren.
TYRION: She still gets Castle Stokeworth when her father dies.
BRONN: She does. Unless she happens to perish before her father. Then Lollys gets the castle.
TYRION: (scoffs.)
BRONN: What? Ladies fall from their horses and snap their pretty necks all the time.
TYRION: You and my sister deserve each other. Why did you bother to come here?
BRONN sits.
BRONN: You once said if anyone ever asked me to sell you out, you'd double their price.
TYRION: Is it two wives you want or two castles?
BRONN: One of each will do. But if you want me to kill the Mountain for you, it'd better be a damn big castle.
TYRION: I'm a bit short on castles at the moment. But I can offer you gold and gratitude.
BRONN: I have gold. What can I buy with gratitude?
TYRION: You might be surprised. A Lannister always pays his debts.
BRONN: Your sister's a Lannister, too.
TYRION: My wife is heir to Winterfell. If I emerge from this with my head still on my shoulders, I may one day rule the North in her name. I could carve you out a big piece of it.
BRONN: If and may and could. It's bloody cold up north. Lollys is soft and warm. And close. If I gave you the choice between fucking Lollys and fighting the Mountain, you'd have your britches down and your cock out before I could blink.
TYRION: Does he frighten you so much?
BRONN: I'd be a bloody fool if he didn't frighten me. He's freakish big and freakish strong. And quicker than you'd expect for a man of that size. Maybe I could take him, dance around until he's so tired of hacking at me, he dropped his sword, get him off his feet somehow. But one misstep... ...and I'm dead. Why should I risk it?
TYRION: Because you're my friend.
BRONN: Aye, I'm your friend. And when have you ever risked your life for me?
TYRION doesn't answer. BRONN stands.
BRONN: I like you, pampered little shit that you are. I just like myself more.
TYRION: I understand.
BRONN: I'm sorry it has to be this way.
TYRION: Why are you sorry? Because you're an evil bastard with no conscience and no heart? That's what I liked about you in the first place.
TYRION extends his hand and BRONN shakes it heartily.
BRONN: We had some good days together.
TYRION: Yes, we did.
BRONN pats TYRION's arm, then walks to knock on the door.
BRONN: What will you do?
TYRION: I suppose I'll have to kill the Mountain myself. Won't that make for a great song?
BRONN: I hope to hear them sing it one day.
BRONN exits.
INT. Meereen, DAENERYS's chambers at night.
DAENERYS enters to find DAARIO in her chambers.
DAENERYS: How did you get in here? Your door is well guarded,
DAARIO: but your window is not.
DAENERYS walks to DAARIO, and he hands her some flowers.
DAARIO: I swam to an island a mile offshore for these.
She hands them back.
DAENERYS: Don't do that again.
DAARIO: Never met a woman who didn't like wildflowers.
DAENERYS: These are my private quarters. If I want you here, I will summon you.
DAENERYS sits. DAARIO kneels playfully for forgiveness.
DAARIO: Forgive me, my queen. I live to serve you.
DAENERYS: Tell me why you're here.
DAARIO rises.
DAENERYS: I've ordered the Second Sons to patrol the streets to stop the revenge killing.
DAARIO: You've ordered us to be night watchmen.
DAENERYS: And as for women, there are thousands in Meereen you can pursue.
DAARIO: There is only one, and she does not want me.
DAENERYS: You swore me your sword.
DAARIO: My sword is yours till the day I die.
DAENERYS: So if I command you to stay in Meereen and patrol the streets?
DAARIO: I'll stay in Meereen and patrol the streets. Send me to kill your enemies. Any enemy anywhere. Let me do what I do best.
DAENERYS: Very well.
DAENERYS stands and pours herself some wine.
DAENERYS: Do what you do best.
She sits.
DAENERYS: Take off your clothes.
DAARIO smiles. DAENERYS watches has he removes his clothes.
INT. Bathing room at Storm's End, night
MELISANDRE lies in the bath. After knocking, SELYSE enters.
SELYSE: Oh.
MELISANDRE: Come in, my queen. Please.
SELYSE: I didn't mean to disturb you, my lady.
MELISANDRE: You could never disturb me.
SELYSE: I just wanted to speak with you before we left.
MELISANDRE: Could you bring me that vial over there? The blue one.
SELYSE reaches for a vial, but MELISANDRE stops her.
MELISANDRE: No, no, no. Not that one. You don't even want to touch that one. Next to it. That's the one.
SELYSE brings over the vial and MELISANDRE shakes some into the bath. She sighs.
MELISANDRE: When I looked into the flames this morning, the Lord spoke to me. He said, "Tonight, you will have your last good bath in a long while. Make it count." A joke. Not a very good one, I'm afraid.
MELISANDRE: That's because most jokes are lies and you're devoted to the truth.
SELYSE: If they're lies, my lady, aren't they best avoided?
MELISANDRE: Not always.
MELISANDRE leaves the bath and walks to the potions
SELYSE: Did you use it with Stannis?
MELISANDRE: No. Don't be upset. Men never crave what they already have.
MELISANDRE touches SELYSE on the cheek.
MELISANDRE: It's only flesh. It needs what it needs.
MELISANDRE puts on her robe.
SELYSE: No act done in service of the Lord can ever be called a sin. I thank God every day for bringing you to us. And Stannis to you. He wants to bring Shireen with us. I think that would be ill-advised. My daughter has heretical tendencies, as you're well aware. I don't know if her doubt is real or simply meant to spite me, but whichever the case, she should stay home.
MELISANDRE takes her hand.
MELISANDRE: I understand how you feel.
SELYSE: Hmm.
MELISANDRE: But that is impossible.
SELYSE: Why?
MELISANDRE: You don't need powders and potions, my queen. You don't need lies. You are strong enough to look into the Lord's light and see his truth for yourself.
They look into the fire.
MELISANDRE: However harsh it is. However hard for us to understand. You don't need my help, but I will need yours soon. When we set sail, your daughter must be with us. The Lord needs her.
INT. Meeren hallway.
DAARIO walks down the hall, encountering JORAH.
DAARIO: Jorah the Andal. Are you here to see our queen? She's in a good mood.
DAARIO pats JORAH on the shoulder and exits.
INT. DAENERYS's chambers.
DAENERYS stands in her chambers. JORAH enters.
JORAH: Khaleesi.
DAENERYS: You're here early.
JORAH: Later than some.
DAENERYS: You don't approve?
JORAH: It's not a question of approval, it's a question of trust.
DAENERYS: You neither approve nor trust.
JORAH: Why would I? The man's a sellsword.
DAENERYS: Didn't you fight for the Golden Company before pledging your sword to my brother?
JORAH: I did.
DAENERYS: I trust you.
JORAH: Daario Naharis killed his captains and dumped their heads at your feet when he grew tired of their commands. How could you ever have faith in a man like that?
DAENERYS: I could never have faith in a man like Daario. That's why I've sent him and the Second Sons to retake Yunkai.
JORAH: You have?
DAENERYS: I have.
JORAH: Without you there to rule, Khaleesi, I fear the masters will simply bide their time, wait for the invaders to leave and reassert control.
DAENERYS: That is why I've ordered Daario to execute every master in Yunkai. The masters tear babies from their mothers' arms. They mutilate little boys by the thousands. They train little girls in the art of pleasuring old men. They treat men like beasts, as you said yourself.
JORAH: Herding the masters into pens and slaughtering them by the thousands is also treating men like beasts. The slaves you freed, brutality is all they've ever known. If you want them to know something else, you'll have to show it to them.
DAENERYS: And repay the slavers with what? Kindness? A fine? A stern warning?
JORAH: It's tempting to see your enemies as evil, all of them, but there's good and evil on both sides in every war ever fought.
DAENERYS: Let the priests argue over good and evil. Slavery is real. I can end it. I will end it. And I will end those behind it.
JORAH: I sold men into slavery, Khaleesi.
DAENERYS: And now you are helping me show them to freedom.
JORAH: I wouldn't be here to help you if Ned Stark had done to me what you want to do to the masters of Yunkai.
DAENERYS considers.
DAENERYS: The man who came to me the other day about burying his father.
JORAH: Hizdahr zo Loraq?
DAENERYS: He will accompany the Second Sons and serve as my ambassador to Yunkai. He will tell the masters what has happened in Meereen. He will explain the choice they have before them. They can live in my new world or they can die in their old one.
JORAH: (Nods.)
DAENERYS:  Well, go and catch Daario before he leaves. Tell him I changed my mind.
JORAH: Yes, Khaleesi.
JORAH starts to exit.
DAENERYS: No. Tell him you changed my mind.
JORAH exits.
EXT. The Riverlands, day
The HOUND and ARYA sit by the fire. The HOUND tends clumsily to his neck wound.
HOUND: Rat cunts. Fucking whore.
ARYA: You're doing it wrong. You need to burn away that horrible bit there. Otherwise it's gonna get infected and fester. I know you don't like fire, but if you don't do it right--
HOUND: No fire.
ARYA stands and takes a flaming stick to the HOUND.
ARYA: It'll only take a second. It won't hurt that much.
The HOUND stands and backs away.
HOUND: No fire!
They stand silently. ARYA turns and puts the stick back in the fire. She sits and polishes Needle.
HOUND: Shut up about it. Shut up about everything. Thanks to you, I'm a walking bag of silver anywhere the Lannisters hold sway. Which is everywhere between where we are now and where we're going.
The HOUND sits.
HOUND: I'm as stupid as that hog you stuck back in the village, getting myself cut and stabbed and bitten. No reward is worth this much trouble. Wish I'd never laid eyes on you. You say your brother gave you that sword.
He points to his face.
HOUND: My brother gave me this. It was just like you said a while back. Pressed me to the fire like I was a nice juicy mutton chop.
ARYA: Why?
HOUND: Thought I stole one of his toys. I didn't steal it. I was just playing with it. The pain was bad. The smell was worse. But the worst thing was that it was my brother who did it. My father, who protected him... told everyone my bedding caught fire. You think you're on your own?
ARYA: Let me wash it out and help you sew it up at least.
The HOUND doesn't answer. ARYA stands and walks to him. She pours water on his wound and begins to sew it.
INT. An Inn, night.
BRIENNE and PODRICK sit for dinner. The server places a pie in front of them.
BRIENNE: Bit of comfort never hurt anyone. We've been sleeping in ditches the last few weeks. I think we can treat ourselves to a featherbed for the night and a hot meal not cooked by you.
PODRICK drinks greedily from his cup.
PODRICK: Couldn't agree more, my lady.
BRIENNE: Just don't start expecting silk underclothes. Not working for your former lord any longer.
PODRICK: Yes, my lady.
BRIENNE stops PODRICK from drinking.
BRIENNE: Don't get drunk.
PODRICK: No, my lady.
HOT PIE: Can I get you anything else?
BRIENNE: No, this will do nicely, thank you. Kidney pie is wonderful.
HOT PIE: Thanks. I do my best.
HOT PIE sits.
HOT PIE: A good kidney pie is all about the ingredients. Flour, lard, water, eggs, milk. Easy enough. But the meat, peacetime or not, getting your hands on a good bottom round steak and calves' kidneys is not easy. I mean, some people settle for plain old beef kidneys. Got no right to cook anything, them. Oh, and the gravy. Don't get me started on the gravy. Very difficult to get right. See, a lot of people give up on the gravy. You cannot give up on the gravy. No gravy, no pie. Simple as that. That's nice armor. Are you a knight?
BRIENNE: No.
HOT PIE: Oh, it's just people with armor are usually knights. Generally speaking. From King's Landing, though, aren't you? From there myself originally. Flea Bottom born and bred. What brings you to these parts?
BRIENNE: We're looking for someone.
HOT PIE: Someone in particular? Maybe they came in here. A lot of people come in here. Just the other day we had 17--
BRIENNE: A girl, tall, red hair, very pretty. Her name is Sansa Stark, but she may be using a different name.
HOT PIE: Starks? What, like them lot from "Winterhell"?
HOT PIE stands and starts to go.
HOT PIE: sNo, ain't seen anyone like that. I heard they was all traitors. Don't need no traitors in here.
BRIENNE:  I pledged my life to their mother Catelyn Stark. I swore to her I'd bring her daughters home.
HOT PIE: Sure I can't get you a bit more kidney pie?
EXT. Outside the Inn.
BRIENNE and PODRICK prepare the horses.
BRIENNE: What?
PODRICK: It's nothing, my lady.
BRIENNE:  You wouldn't be screwing your face up like that if it was nothing.
PODRICK: Don't want to offend, my lady. Truly, I don't.
BRIENNE: You're not interesting enough to be offensive.
PODRICK: The Lannisters want Lady Sansa. The Lannisters have money. People kill for money. I don't think we should be telling people we're searching for Lady Sansa.
HOT PIE enters.
HOT PIE: My lady. My lord. Could I have a word?
BRIENNE: What about? Not kidney pie.
HOT PIE: You seem like a proper lady. Someone who could be trusted. I never met no Sansa Stark. But I know her sister... Arya.
BRIENNE: No one's seen Arya Stark since her father was beheaded. She's presumed dead.
HOT PIE: She weren't when I last spoke to her.
BRIENNE:  When was that?
HOT PIE: Heading up north with the Night's Watch. She was all dressed up as a boy. Like your ladyship, only without the armor. Going by the name Arry.
BRIENNE:  So what happened to her?
HOT PIE: Well--
BRIENNE: The quick version.
HOT PIE: The Lannisters took us prisoner. We escaped. The Brotherhood took us prisoner. They sold me to the innkeep. They were gonna sell Arya to her mother at Riverrun along with another prisoner. Big ugly fellow. Foul mouth and a face like a half-burnt ham. Not friendly.
PODRICK: The Hound.
HOT PIE: That's the one. If you find her, could you give her this? She liked the last one I gave her, but, well, this one turned out better.
PODRICK hands a small bundle to BRIENNE. He exits. BRIENNE opens the bundle to reveal a bread shaped like a wolf.
BRIENNE:  Um, you were saying?
EXT. The King's Road
BRIENNE and PODRICK walk their horses down the road.
BRIENNE:  Her mother's dead, grandfather's dead, Walder Frey is the new lord of Riverrun. The Brotherhood isn't going to Riverrun.
PODRICK: They'll take her to the Eyrie, my lady.
BRIENNE: Why the Eyrie?
PODRICK: Her aunt, Lysa Arryn. Catelyn Stark's sister. She's Arya's last living relative with money. She hates the Lannisters. Lord Tyrion made sure I knew which house married which and who hated who.
BRIENNE: Sansa could be there, too.
PODRICK: Aye, my lady. Could be.
BRIENNE:  You sure about this?
PODRICK: No.
They continue through the woods.
INT. TYRION's cell, night.
TYRION sits in the dark, sadly. The door opens and OBERYN enters, bearing a torch..
TYRION: I imagined you'd be back at the brothel at this hour.
OBERYN: I did spend some time with an absolutely stunning blonde the other day.
TYRION: Mm, do tell. I've got every kind of filth down here except the kind I like.
OBERYN puts down his torch and sits.
OBERYN: Your sister.
TYRION: Oh.
OBERYN:  Cersei approached me. We spoke a great deal about her daughter. How worried your sister is about her. She was trying very hard to pretend she had not come to sway me against you. I think she may have even believed it herself.
TYRION: Making honest feelings do dishonest work is one of her many gifts.
OBERYN: It was difficult for her to hide her true intentions. It is rare to meet a Lannister who shares my enthusiasm for dead Lannisters. She desperately wants to see you killed.
TYRION: She didn't need to bother you. It looks as though I've taken care of that myself. The joy she will feel when my head leaves my neck. She's wanted this for a long time.
OBERYN: Yes, I know. We met, you and I. Many years ago.
TYRION: I think I would have remembered that.
OBERYN: Unlikely. You had just been born. Our father brought me and my sister Elia with him on a visit to Casterly Rock. My first time away from Dorne. I didn't like anything about the Rock. Not the food, not the weather, your accents. Nothing. But the biggest disappointment... you.
TYRION: You and my family have more in common than you might admit.
OBERYN: The whole way from Dorne all anyone talked about was the monster that had been born to Tywin Lannister. A head twice the size of his body, a tail between his legs, claws, one red eye, the privates of both a girl and a boy.
TYRION: That would have made things so much easier.
OBERYN: When we met your sister, she promised she would show you to us. Every day we would ask. Every day she would say, "Soon." Then she and your brother took us to your nursery and... she unveiled the freak. Your head was a bit large. Your arms and legs were a bit small, but no claw. No red eye. No tail between your legs. Just a tiny pink cock. We didn't try to hide our disappointment. "That's not a monster," I told Cersei. "That's just a baby." And she said, "He killed my mother." And she pinched your little cock so hard, I thought she might pull it off. Until your brother made her stop. "It doesn't matter," she told us. "Everyone says he will die soon. I hope they are right. He should not have lived this long."
TYRION: Well... sooner or later, Cersei always gets what she wants.
OBERYN: And what about what I want? Justice for my sister and her children.
TYRION: If you want justice, you've come to the wrong place.
OBERYN: I disagree.
OBERYN rises.
OBERYN: I've come to the perfect place. I want to bring those who have wronged me to justice. And all those who have wronged me are right here. I will begin with Ser Gregor Clegane, who killed my sister's children and then raped her with their blood still on his hands before killing her, too. I will be your champion.
EXT; The Aerie courtyard.
SANSA walks out to the courtyard. It is snowing. She builds a model of Winterfell from snow. ROBIN enters.
SANSA: Hello, Robin.
ROBIN: What are you doing?
SANSA: I'm building my home, Winterfell. At least I think I am. I haven't been back there in a very long time.
ROBIN: Why did you leave?
SANSA: It's a long story.
ROBIN: I stay here in the Eyrie. Mother says it's dangerous on the roads and I have to keep myself safe because I'm the Lord of the Vale and the Lord of the Vale is a very important person.
SANSA: Yes, you certainly are.
ROBIN: When will you go back?
SANSA: Probably never. My family doesn't live there anymore and someone burned it down.
ROBIN: Oh. Does Winterfell have a Moon Door?
SANSA: No, I'm afraid not. It's not high up in the mountains. It's down on the ground.
ROBIN: That sounds dangerous. How do you make people fly?
SANSA: We don't.
ROBIN: What do you do with all the bad people and the scary people and the people you don't like?
SANSA: I never did anything with them at all. Girls didn't take part in that where I came from.
ROBIN: Well, I'm Lord of the Vale. When I grow up, I'll be able to fly anybody who bothers me. Or you. When we get married, you can tell me if you don't like somebody and then we can bring them back here and, whoosh! Right through the Moon Door.
SANSA: I like the sound of that.
ROBIN: Let's put a Moon Door in your Winterfell.
SANSA: All right.
ROBIN: It can go in here in this big tower.
ROBIN reaches to show her, and accidentally knocks down the snow tower.
SANSA: Careful. You've ruined it. Now I'm going to have to rebuild the whole thing.
ROBIN: I didn't ruin it.
SANSA: You did.
ROBIN: It was already ruined because it didn't have a Moon Door. I was fixing it.
SANSA: Knocking things down isn't fixing them. It's ruining them.
ROBIN:  I didn't ruin it!
SANSA: You're being stupid.
ROBIN:  I didn't ruin it!
ROBIN, in a tantrum, kicks and smashes the snow castle. Shocked, SANSA slaps him. ROBIN exits, sobbing.
SANSA: Robin, I'm sorry, I--
LITTLEFINGER enters.
LITTLEFINGER: Children.
SANSA: I hit him.
LITTLEFINGER:  Yes, I saw.
SANSA: I shouldn't have done that.
LITTLEFINGER: No, his mother should have a long time ago. Consider it a step in the right direction.
SANSA: If he tells Aunt Lysa...
LITTLEFINGER: Let me worry about Aunt Lysa.
SANSA: I was trying to remember what everything looked like. I'll never see it again.
LITTLEFINGER: A lot can happen between now and never. If you want to build a better home, first you must demolish the old one.
SANSA: Why did you really kill Joffrey? Tell me why.
LITTLEFINGER: I loved your mother more than you could ever know. Given the opportunity, what do we do to those who've hurt the ones we love? In a better world, one where love could overcome strength and duty, you might have been my child. But we don't live in that world.
LITTLEFINGER touches SANSA's hair.
LITTLEFINGER: You're more beautiful than she ever was.
SANSA: Lord Baelish...
LITTLEFINGER: Call me Petyr.
LITTLEFINGER kisses SANSA. Above them, LYSA has been watching, and she exits quickly.
INT. The Aerie throne room.
SANSA enters. LYSA stands looking out the moon door.
SANSA: You wanted to see me, Aunt Lysa?
LYSA: Come here, Sansa.
SANSA joins her beside the moon door.
LYSA: Do you know how far the fall is?
SANSA: No.
LYSA: Neither do I, precisely. Hundreds of feet. It's fascinating what happens to bodies when they hit the rocks from such a height. The impact breaks them right apart. Like eggs dropped on the floor. Sometimes pieces remain intact. You'll find the head sitting on its own. Every hair in place. Blue eyes staring at nothing. I know what you did.
SANSA: I'm so sorry, Aunt Lysa. I never should have hit Robin, I know it. I promise it won't happen--
LYSA: Don't be coy with me, you little whore. You kissed him. You kissed Petyr.
SANSA: I didn't. You don't understand.
LYSA grabs SANSA's forearm.
LYSA: I saw you! You can't lie to me because I saw it with my own eyes.
SANSA:  He kissed me. I pulled away.
LYSA grabs SANSA's hair and forces her to lean over the moon door.
LYSA:  Liar! Whore! He is mine!
LYSA pushed SANSA onto her hands and knees.
SANSA: Please!
LYSA: My father, my husband, my sister, they all stood between us and now they're all dead. That's what happens to people who stand between Petyr and me. Look down! Look down! Look down! Look down!
LITTLEFINGER: Lysa! Let her go.
LYSA: You want her? This empty-headed child?
LITTLEFINGER: Let her go.
LYSA: She's just like her mother. She'll never love you. I lied for you. I killed for you. Why did you bring her here? Why?
LITTLEFINGER: I'll send her away. I swear on my life. I swear to all the gods. Let her go, Lysa.
LYSA cries. She pushes SANSA away from the moon door and begins weeping. LITTLEFINGER approaches her and hugs her.
LITTLEFINGER: Oh, my sweet wife. My sweet, silly wife.
LITTLEFINGER helps LYSA to stand.
LITTLEFINGER: I have only loved one woman... only one, my entire life. Your sister.
LITTLEFINGER pushes LYSA through the moon door. She screams as she falls.
[Open to the dark, seedy town of Moles Town. Two men walk toward a brothel with smiles on their faces]
MAN 1: Here we are.
[Inside everyone is happy, drinking, enjoying themselves. One woman is burping a tune]
MAN 2: The Rains of Castamere!
MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: You fucking dick! Same wrong guess every fucking time. Listen, ya cunt.
[Everyone laughs and goes “ooooo”. She burps the same tune]
MAN 3: Oh, The Bear and the Maiden Fair!
[Everyone cheers]
MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: There's a man with an ear. Too bad you've got a hangnail for a cock. First time I saw you with your britches down, I thought you were a eunuch! You seen it girls. Like a baby snail peekin' out of his shell. *laughs and walks toward Gilly* *to Gilly* Your baby was crying this morning. It waked me up. You hear me?
GILLY: Yes.
MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: Well, what are you going to say?
GILLY: I'm sorry it woke you up.
MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: I don't care if you're sorry. Keep that baby quiet, or I will.
GILLY: Don't you ever touch him.
MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: Hehehe, little Wildling bitch. You should've stayed with your own kind. *an owl hoots in the distance* Are you listening to me?
GILLY: Shut your mouth.
MOLE'S TOWN WHORE: What? It's just an owl you dumb bitch.
GILLY: No it's not.
[The owl hoots again. A man walks toward a well and in the reflection it's seen that Styr sliced the mans throat. Tormund is also seen as the Wildlings walk through the town killing everyone. Ygritte is also there. Styr and the Wildlings break into the brothel, continuing their killing spree. Ygritte kills everyone upstairs, as she's leaving she hears Gilly's baby cry. Ygritte opens a drape in the back and motions them to keep quiet]
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK
SAM: I should never have left her there.
JON: You couldn't have known.
SAM: Of course I could've known. They were raiding the villages close by.
GRENN: And we just cower in here while they slaughter our brothers?
ED: Our brothers had orders to stay at Castle Black.
GRENN: Oh, so it's alright then?! Black Jack and Kegs and Mully chopped to pieces 'cause they broke the rules?!
ED: I didn't say it was alright! I'm sayin' they shouldn't have been there.
GRENN: We pledged to guard the realms of men.
SAM: She's dead because of me.
GRENN: We can't even guard Mole's Town.
JON: We can't go after them, you know that. That's what they want.
SAM: Little Same. As if I'd cut their throats myself.
PYP: Maybe she managed to hide herself. I thought one of you was dead, you went North with Mormont and no one came back. Not for ages. But then you did.
ED: She survived Craster and he was the worst shit I've ever met. She survived the long march to the wall. She survived a white walker for fuck's sake. She might've got out.
SAM: She might have.
JON: If they hit Mole's Town, then we're next. Mance's army must be close.
ED: A hundred thousand.
GRENN: And there's what, 5 of us left.
ED: If you're counting Black Jack, Kegs, and Mully. A hundred and two.
PYP: How do a hundred and two men stop a thousand?
ED: Whoever dies last, be a good lad and burn the rest of us. Once I'm done with this world, I don't want to come back.
[Everyone takes a drink]
CUT TO: MEEREEN
[Men and women are seen swimming in a lake. They're bathing and washing clothes. Grey Worm looks over at Missandei who is naked. Missandei sees him looking, he looks away ashamed then looks back. She stands up proudly, then covers up. He dunks his head under water]
DANY: You think he was spying on you?
MISSANDEI: No, not spying.
DANY: The Dothraki think outsiders are ridiculous taking shame in the naked body. They make love under the stars for the whole Khalasar to see.
MISSANDEI: Yes your grace.
DANY: But you are not Dothraki.
MISSANDEI: No.
DANY: Well, I don't see why it matters. Grey worm isn't interested, none of the unsullied care what's under our clothes.
MISSANDEI: He was interested.
DANY: What?
MISSANDEI: I believe he was interested.
DANY: When the slavers castrate the boys, do they take all of it?
MISSANDEI: All of it?
DANY: The...the pillar an the stones.
MISSANDEI: I don't know, your grace.
DANY: Haven't you ever wondered?
MISSANDEI: Yes, your grace.
[Missandei is seen walking up toward Dany's throne. Grey Worm enters]
GREY WORM: Missandei. *in Valyrian* I have come to apologize.
MISSANDEI: *in Valyrian* You don't need to apologize.
GREY WORM: *in Valyrian* I hope I didn't frighten you.
MISSANDEI: *in Valyrian* No.
GREY WORM: The lessons you give I in Common tongue, these are precious to I.
MISSANDEI: To me.
GREY WORM: To me.
MISSANDEI: I don't remember teaching you the word precious.
GREY WORM: Jorah the Andal, he teaches I...he teaches me this word.
MISSANDEI: Do you remember the name you were given at birth?
GREY WORM: I remember nothing. Only unsullied.
MISSANDEI: When they cut you, do you remember that?
[Grey Worm shakes his head no]
MISSANDEI: I'm sorry. I'm sorry they did that to you.
GREY WORM: Why? Why sorry?
MISSANDEI: It's a terrible thing to do to a boy.
GREY WORM: *approaches Missandei* If the masters never cut me, I am never unsullied. I never stand in the Plaza of Pride when Daenerys Stormborn orders us to kill the masters. I never am chosen to lead the unsullied. I never meet Missandei from the Island of Naath. I am sorry I...for today. I am sorry.
[Grey Worm turns around and begins to walk away]
MISSANDEI: *in Valyrian* Grey Worm.
[Grey Worm stops and turns around]
MISSANDEI: *in Valyrian* I'm glad you saw me.
GREY WORM: *in Valyrian* So am I.
[Grey Worm turns and walks out of the throne room]
CUT TO: MOAT CAILIN
RAMSAY: Bracken. Mmm, strong. As long as they're in the see. But when you take them out of the water, no bones. They collapse under their proud weight and slum into a heap of nothing. You'd think they'd know that. Unfortunately they're not very bright. What do you tell them?
THEON: I'm Theon Greyjoy, son of Balon, heir to the Iron Islands.
RAMSAY: And what are you really?
THEON: I'm Reek.
RAMSAY: Are you sure? You do look very much like a lord. Formidable, proud.
THEON: I'm Reek.
RAMSAY: Until when?
THEON: Always. Forever.
RAMSAY: That's right. Until you're rotting in the ground. Remember what you are and what you're not. Bring me Lord Kenning.
[Theon approaches the castle on horseback]
GUARD 1: *to Theon* No closer. Who are you?
[Theon enters the castle walls. Inside a lot of people are sick or dying]
RALF: I'm Kenning, commander of this garrison. And you say you're Theon Greyjoy?
THEON: Yes.
RALF: And why should I believe that?
THEON: I was born on Pike to Balon Greyjoy. His third and last-living son. I am your prince. I swear it by the drowned god. What is dead may never die.
EVERYONE: What is dead may never die.
RALF: And if you were my prince, why are you marching with a Bolton army?
THEON: Lord Bolton took me captive after Winterfell. He sent me to treat with you in good faith as your fellow Ironborn.
RALF: And what does Lord Bolton want?
[Theon hands Kenning a scroll]
THEON: You are fading from sickness. You are badly outnumbered and you're hundreds of miles from the sea. Lord Bolton implores you to protect your men and abandon this fortress you can no longer hold. Do this and he will be just and fair with you as he is being with me. The Boltons will give you safe passage to the stony shore.
RALF: He wants us to surrender?
THEON: My own father, your king, surrendered years ago to Robert Baratheon. I watched him bend the knee. There was no shame there. He fought with honor, as did you.
[Kenning falls to the ground. His men pick him up]
RALF: ...shame fought with honor.
THEON: I'm sorry, I didn't hear...
[Kenning spits blood in Theon's face]
RALF: No shame fought with honor. Only a whipped dog would speak this way. Or a woman. Are you a woman boy?
THEON: *scared* You don't know.
RALF: The Ironborn will not surrender.
THEON: *whispering* Reek. Reek.
RALF: You go tell your master that, Theon Greyjoy. Or whoever the fuck you are. What in the hell are you muttering?
[MAN 4 kills Kenning with an axe]
THEON: Reek.
MAN 4: If we yield, we live? Is that what it says on this paper here?
THEON: Yes. Have your men raise the white flag and open the gates. You're going home.
[Cut to MAN 4's body with no skin and his eye cut out]
RAMSAY: You didn't really think I'd let them go did you? It's falling out of fashion. Fileting. Sad, but true. Traditions are important. Where are we without our history, eh?
THEON: Yes m'lord. Will we go home now?
RAMSAY: I believe we will. To our new home.
CUT TO: THE VALE
You have foreign blood, don't you, Baelish?
PETYR: A great-grandfather from Braavos, yes. I suppose all of our ancestors came from somewhere else originally.
LORD ROYCE: Our forebearers settled the Vale thousands of years ago. We've fought off invaders ever since.
PETYR: The beauty of the Vale is matched only by the nobility of its great families. Lady Arryn often told me that you were her rock, Lord Royce.
LORD ROYCE: She told me nothing about you, Baelish. But I didn't need to hear from her. Moneylender. Whoremonger. You've been licking Tywin Lannister's boots so long, it's a wonder your tongue's not black.
PETYR: My lord...
LORD ROYCE: And when Jon Arryn named you Master of Coin, no one cared. Always been a grubby job. Why not let a grubby man do it? But when I heard you were lurking here, fawning over the Lady Arryn...
PETYR: Lady Arryn invited me. She and I have been close since childhood.
LADY ANYA: Yes, we all know how close you were. Lady Arryn's predilections were her own affair. Her death is our affair.
PETYR: Of course. Her suicide shattered us all.
LADY ANYA: She was an odd fish. Everyone knew that. But suicide? She adored that boy of hers. I don't see her abandoning him. Not by choice.
LORD ROYCE: Strange that within days of your arrival, you've married Lady Arryn and she's fallen through the Moon Door.
PETYR: She was always prone to melancholy. My lady wasn't meant for a world as brutal as ours.
LORD ROYCE: We were told there was a witness. A girl.
LADY ANYA: A niece of yours, I believe.
PETYR: A girl with no learning and scattered wits. I assure you, she would be of no help.
LORD ROYCE: We'd like to speak with her.
PETYR: Let me fetch her.
LADY ANYA: No need. We prefer to hear her testimony unadulterated.
[Sansa Stark enters the room]
LADY ANYA: Come closer, child. You have nothing to fear from us or him. Lord Baelish here is your uncle? Your name is Alayne? Perhaps you would feel more comfortable if Lord Baelish left the room.
PETYR: My lady...
LADY ANYA: I wasn't asking you.
SANSA: He can stay.
LORD ROYCE: Speak up, girl, you're not a damn kitchen mouse. Tell us what you saw.
SANSA: *to Petyr* I'm sorry, Lord Baelish. I have to tell the truth. *to the council* I'll tell you everything.
LADY ANYA: Please, Alayne, leave nothing out.
SANSA: My name is not Alayne. It's Sansa Stark, eldest daughter of Lord Eddard Stark. Lord Royce, we met when you came to Winterfell. You were escorting your son Ser Waymar to the Wall.
LORD ROYCE: Sansa Stark? You tell lies right to my face, you little worm?
SANSA: Lord Baelish has told many lies. All to protect me. Since my father was executed, I have been a hostage in King's Landing. A plaything for Joffrey to torture or Queen Cersei to torment. They beat me, they humiliated me, they married me to the Imp. I had no friends in King's Landing...except one. He saved me. Smuggled me away when he had the chance. He knew I'd be safe here in the Eyrie with my own blood, my Aunt Lysa. The Lannisters have friends everywhere. Even the Vale. He made me swear not to tell anyone my true name.
SER VANCE: Your secret is safe with us, my lady.
LORD ROYCE: Your father grew up right here in these halls. We hunted together many times. He was a fine man.
LADY ANYA: Tell us what happened to your aunt, Sansa.
SANSA: You knew her well, my lords, my lady. You knew she was a troubled woman. She always loved Lord Baelish. She told me herself. From the moment he arrived at the gates of Riverrun, a boy of eight carrying everything he owned in a little sack. She confessed to me she never loved Lord Arryn. She did as her father commanded, as so many of us have. When the gods finally allowed her to be with Lord Baelish, she was so happy. For a time. My aunt was a jealous lady. She was terrified that Lord Baelish didn't love her anymore. That he would abandon her for a younger woman. And then...one day she saw him kiss me.
LORD ROYCE: Lady Sansa.
SANSA: It was a peck on the cheek, Lord Royce, nothing more. Lord Baelish is my uncle now, in truth, by marriage. He's always been so kind to me. I was so happy to be here, to be free. All because of him. But my aunt turned on me. She cursed me. Called me a whore. Promised to throw me through the Moon Door. When Lord Baelish tried to calm her, she struck him. She said she didn't want to live anymore. She stood on the edge of that Moon Door. He tried to reason with her. Promised her she was the only one he had ever loved, but she stepped through those doors and she was...*begins sobbing*
LADY ANYA: Shh. Shh, it's not your fault, sweet girl. It's not your fault.
[Sansa looks up at Petyr]
[Lord Royce, Lady Anya, and Petyr walk down the stairs]
LORD ROYCE: You could see it in the way she raised that boy. Feeding him from her own teats when he was 10 years old.
LADY ANYA: Lord Royce! This is hardly the time.
LORD ROYCE: Apologies, my lady. And to you as well, Baelish. We treated you a bit harshly.
PETYR: You want justice, Lord Royce. I can hardly complain about that. I want the same.
LADY ANYA: Not much justice to be meted out in suicide, is there?
PETYR: For Lysa, no. But for her son? Only 20 years ago, the knights of the Vale rode behind Jon Arryn, Ned Stark, Robert Baratheon. They fought together to overcome the Mad King. And since then, Arryn and Royce, Corbray, Waynwood, all the great houses of the Vale watched from the corner. A timid boy at a tavern brawl.
LORD ROYCE: Are you questioning our courage?
PETYR: I want to know which side you're on. Do you support the Lannisters, the house that executed your friend Ned Stark?
LORD ROYCE: Of course we don't support the damn Lannisters.
PETYR: No? Catelyn Stark begged her sister for support and Lysa refused. By staying out of the fray, you've allowed Tywin Lannister to destroy his rivals on every compass point. Who stands against him now?
LADY ANYA: Who would you have us back, Lord Baelish? Robb Stark is dead.
PETYR: I'd have you back Robin Arryn, Lord of the Vale.
LADY ANYA: Robin Arryn is a sickly little boy.
PETYR: And sickly little boys sometimes become powerful men.
LADY ANYA: More often they die young.
PETYR: I adored Lysa with all my heart. But she loved her son so much, she became overprotective. He needs to learn how to swing a sword. How to ride a horse.
LORD ROYCE: Aye, it's time.
PETYR: Yes, it's time. Time for him to tour the Vale, to visit all the castles in his domain. Time for Robin to leave the nest.
CUT TO: MEEREEN
BOY: Ser Barristan.
SER BARRISTAN: Yes? Who sent you?
[A boy hands a scroll to Ser Barristan. He reads it]
[Ser Jorah is looking at a map by the water alone]
SER JORAH: Ser Barristan.
SER BARRISTAN: Ser Jorah.
SER JORAH: Have I forgotten a council meeting?
SER BARRISTAN: No.
[Ser Barristan hands Ser Jorah the scroll]
SER JORAH: What's this?
SER BARRISTAN: A royal pardon signed by Robert Baratheon. You spied on her.
SER JORAH: Who gave you this?
SER BARRISTAN: Does it matter?
SER JORAH: Have you told her?
SER BARRISTAN: I wanted to tell you first, man-to-man rather than go behind your back.
SER JORAH: Let me speak with her in private.
SER BARRISTAN: You'll never be alone with her again.
[Ser Barristan leaves]
[Ser Jorah enters Dany's throne room, walking toward her]
DANY: Why did the usurper pardon you?
SER JORAH: If we could speak alone.
DANY: No, speak to me here. Explain it to me.
SER JORAH: Who do you think sent this to Meereen? Who profits? This is the work of Tywin Lannister. He wants to divide us. If we're fighting each other, we're not fighting him.
DANY: The pardon was signed the year we met. Why were you pardoned? Unless you're saying this document was forged.
SER JORAH: It is not forged.
DANY: Why, then?
SER JORAH: I sent letters to Varys, the spymaster of King's Landing.
DANY: What was the content of these letters?
SER JORAH: Information.
DANY: What information?
SER JORAH: When you and Viserys arrived in Pentos. His plan to marry you to Khal Drogo. When you were married. When your brother died.
DANY: You told him I was carrying Drogo's child?
SER JORAH: I...
DANY: Yes or no?
SER JORAH: Khaleesi.
DANY: Don't call me that. Did you tell him I was carrying Drogo's child?
SER JORAH: Yes.
DANY: That wine merchant tried to poison me because of your information.
SER JORAH: I stopped you from drinking his wine.
DANY: Because you knew it was poisoned.
SER JORAH: I suspected.
DANY: You betrayed me from the first.
SER JORAH: Forgive me. I never meant...please, Khaleesi, forgive me.
DANY: You sold my secrets to the man who killed my father and stole my brother's throne...
SER JORAH: I have protected you. Fought for you. Killed for you.
DANY: ...and you want me to forgive you?
SER JORAH: I have loved you.
DANY: Love? Love? How can you say that to me? Any other man, and I would have you executed. But you, I do not want you in my city dead or alive. Go back to your masters in King's Landing. Collect your pardon if you can.
SER JORAH: Daenerys, please.
[Ser Jorah goes for Dany's hand]
DANY: Don't ever presume to touch me again or speak my name. You have until dusk to collect your things and leave this city. If you're found in Meereen past break of day, I'll have your head thrown into Slaver's Bay. Go. Now.
[Ser Jorah rides away from Mereen]
CUT TO: MOAT CAILIN
[Ramsay is seen holding a flag out to Lord Bolton]
RAMSAY: Moat Cailin is yours, Father.
LORD BOLTON: Walk with me. Has there been any word from Locke?
RAMSAY: No.
RAMSAY: Unimportant. A cripple, a young boy. None of the northern lords have seen them. Dead most likely. Most of the Ironborn have fled the North. Now more will follow, thanks to you. Tell me what you see.
RAMSAY: Moors, fields, hills.
RAMSAY: Tell me what you see.
RAMSAY: Nothing.
ROOSE: Not nothing. The North. Ride 700 miles that way, you're still in the North. 400 miles that way. 300 miles that way. The North is larger than the other six kingdoms combined. And I am the Warden of the North. The North is mine. Now tell me, what is your name?
RAMSAY: Ramsay Snow.
ROOSE: No, not Ramsay Snow. *hands Ramsay a scroll* Open it. From this day until your last day, you are Ramsay Bolton, son of Roose Bolton, Warden of the North.
RAMSAY: You honor me. I swear I will uphold your name and your tradition. I will be worthy of you, Father, I promise.
[The Bolton army rides forward on horseback]
RAMSAY: Come, Reek, I'll be needing a bath.
CUT TO: THE VALE
[Sansa is seen sitting on her bed sewing. Petyr knocks on her door]
SANSA: Yes?
PETYR: First time I saw you, you were just a child. A girl from the North come to the capital for the first time. Not a child any longer. Why did you help me?
SANSA: They would have thrown you through the Moon Door if they found you guilty.
PETYR: That's not an answer.
SANSA: If they'd have executed you, what would they have done with me?
PETYR: I don't know.
SANSA: Neither do I.
PETYR: Better to gamble on the man you know than the strangers you don't? And you think you know me?
SANSA: I know what you want.
PETYR: Do you?
[She looks up at him]
CUT TO: OUTSIDE THE VALE
[Arya and the Hound approach the Vale]
HOUND: I thought it'd make me happy, but it doesn't. Not really. Nothing makes you happy.
ARYA: Lots of things make me happy.
HOUND: Like what?
ARYA: Killing Polliver, killing Rorge.
HOUND: So you're sad because you didn't get to kill Joffrey yourself. Is that it?
ARYA: At least I could have been there to watch. I wanted to see the look in his eyes when he knew it was over.
HOUND: Aye, nothing in the world beats that look.
ARYA: You protected him for most of his life. You think you could have saved him?
HOUND: I wasn't the damn wine taster. Little shit deserved to die, but poison...poison's a woman's weapon. Men kill with steel.
ARYA: That's your stupid pride talking. It's why you'll never be a great killer. I'd have killed Joffrey with a chicken bone if I had to.
HOUND: *laughs* I'd pay good money to see that. *grunts and rubs his neck*
ARYA: You should have let me burn it.
HOUND: It's a fleabite.
ARYA: That fleabite's got you walking a lot slower than you used to.
HOUND: Well, we won't have to walk too much further.
ARYA: You really think my aunt will pay for me?
HOUND: Aye, she'll pay.
ARYA: I've never even met her.
HOUND: Doesn't matter. You're her blood. Family, honor, all that horseshit. It's all you lords and ladies ever talk about.
ARYA: I'm not a lady.
GUARD: Who would pass the Bloody Gate?
HOUND: The bloody Hound, Sandor Clegane. And his...traveling companion Arya Stark, niece of your lady Lysa Arryn.
GUARD: Then I offer my condolences. Lady Arryn died. Three days ago.
[Arya bursts out laughing]
CUT TO: THE VALE
[Petyr is walking down the stairs with Robin]
ROBIN: I've never left home before, Uncle Petyr. I'm afraid to leave.
PETYR: You shouldn't be.
ROBIN: The Lord of the Vale belongs in the Eyrie, Mother said. She said it's not safe outside.
PETYR: It wasn't safe for her inside. People die at their dinner tables. They die in their beds. They die squatting over their chamber pots. Everybody dies sooner or later. Don't worry about your death. Worry about your life. Take charge of your life for as long as it lasts. That is what it means to be Lord of the Vale.
[Sansa enters the scene and walks down the stairs, Petyr looks at her]
SANSA: Shall we go?
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING
[In prison, Tyrion drinks wine from Jaime]
TYRION: Wine always helps. I thank you for it. Trial by combat. Deciding a man's guilt or innocence in the eyes of the gods by having two other men hack each other to pieces. Tells you something about the gods. How much longer?
JAIME: Soon.
TYRION: Do you think Oberyn has a chance? The Red Viper of Dorne. You don't get a name like that unless you're deadly, right?
JAIME: I've never seen him fight.
TYRION: Oh, he's going to die. I'm going to die.
JAIME: Oberyn believes in himself.
TYRION: That's putting it mildly. What's the punishment for regicide? Drawing and quartering? Hanging? Breaking at the wheel?
JAIME: Beheading.
TYRION: Seems rather ordinary. And he was my nephew as well, so what is that? Fratricide is brothers. Filicide is sons. Nepoticide. That's the one. Matricide, patricide, infanticide, suicide. There's no kind of killing that doesn't have its own word.
JAIME: Cousins.
TYRION: Cousins, you're right. There is no word for cousin killing. Well done. Do you remember cousin Orson? Orson Lannister?
JAIME: Of course. Wet-nurse dropped him on his head. Left him simple.
TYRION: Simple? Used to sit all day in the garden. Crushing beetles with a rock.
TOGETHER: Khuu! Khuu! Khuu!
TYRION: Nothing made him happier.
JAIME: Nothing made you happier. You'd think being tormented from birth would have given you some affinity for the afflicted.
TYRION: On the contrary. Laughing at another person's misery was the only thing that made me feel like everyone else.
JAIME: The joke wore thin, though.
TYRION: For you. You drifted away.
JAIME: I had other interests.
TYRION: Yes, other interests. But I stayed with Orson.
JAIME: Why?
TYRION: I was curious. Why was he smashing all those beetles? What did he get out of it? First thing I did was ask him. "Orson, why are you smashing all those beetles?" He gave me an answer. "Smash the beetles. Smash 'em. Khuu! Khuu! Khuu!" I wasn't deterred. I was the smartest person I knew. Certainly I had the wherewithal to unravel the mysteries that lay at the heart of a moron. So I went to Maester Volarik's library.
JAIME: Volarik. Tried to touch me once.
TYRION: Turns out, far too much has been written about great men and not nearly enough about morons. Doesn't seem right. In any case, I found nothing that illuminated the nature of Orson's affliction or the reason behind his relentless beetle slaughter. So I went back to the source. I may not have been able to speak with Orson, but I could observe him, watch him the way men watch animals to come to a deeper understanding of their behavior. *picks up a beetle* And as I watched, I became more and more sure of it. There was something happening there. His face was like the page of a book written in a language I didn't understand. But he wasn't mindless. He had his reasons. And I became possessed with knowing what they were. I began to spend inordinate amounts of time watching him. I would eat my lunch in the garden, chewing my mutton to the music of "khuu, khuu, khuu". And when I wasn't watching him, I was thinking about him. Father droned on about the family legacy and I thought about Orson's beetles. I read the histories of Targaryen conquests. Did I hear dragon wings? No. I heard "khuu, khuu, khuu" and I still couldn't figure out why he was doing it. And I had to know, because it was horrible that all these beetles should be dying for no reason.
JAIME: Every day around the world, men, women, and children are murdered by the score. Who gives a dusty fuck about a bunch of beetles?
TYRION: I know, I know. But still, it filled me with dread. Piles and piles of them, years and years of them. How many countless living crawling things smashed and dried out and returned to the dirt? In my dreams I found myself standing on a beach made of beetle husks stretching as far as the eye could see. I woke up crying, weeping for their shattered little bodies. I tried to stop Orson once.
JAIME: He was twice your size.
TYRION: He just pushed me aside with a "khuu" and kept on smashing. Every day until that mule kicked him in the chest and killed him. *puts the beetle back on the ground* So what do you think? Why did he do it? What was it all about?
JAIME: I don't know.
[Bells begin chiming in the distance. Jaime goes to leave]
JAIME: Good luck today.
[Tyrion walks out toward the arena. The Lannisters are there, Oberyn is there getting ready for the battle. Tyrion passes him in handcuffs]
TYRION: Looks like very light armor.
OBERYN: I like to move around.
TYRION: You could at least wear a helmet. You shouldn't drink before a fight.
OBERYN: You learn this during your years in the fighting pits? I always drink before a fight.
TYRION: It could get you killed. It could get me killed.
OBERYN: Today is not the day I die.
ELLARIA: You're going to fight that?
OBERYN: I'm going to kill that.
ELLARIA: He is the biggest man I've ever seen.
OBERYN: Size does not matter when you are flat on your back.
TYRION: Thank the gods.
PYCELL: In the sight of gods and men, we gather to ascertain the guilt or innocence of this...man Tyrion Lannister. May the Mother grant them mercy. May the Father give them such justice as they deserve. And may the Warrior guide the hand of our champion...
[Tywin speeds the process along in boredom. Horns sound to start the fight. Oberyn kisses Ellaria]
ELLARIA: Don't leave me alone in this world.
OBERYN: Never.
[Oberyn is tossed his weapon. He's very good with it. The crowd cheers]
OBERYN: Have they told you who I am?
MOUNTAIN: Some dead man.
[The Mountain lunges forward as the battle begins]
OBERYN: I am the brother of Elia Martell. Do you know why I have come all the way to this stinking shit-pile of a city? For you.
OBERYN: I'm going to hear you confess before you die. You raped my sister. You murdered her. You killed her children. Say it now and we can make this quick.
OBERYN: Say it. You raped her. You murdered her. You killed her children.
OBERYN: You raped her! You murdered her! You killed her children!
[Oberyn stabs the Mountain in the gut]
OBERYN: You raped her! You murdered her!
[Oberyn charges at the Mountain to give him one final blow]
OBERYN: You killed her children!
[Everyone looks down, surprised. Oberyn pulls his weapon out of the Mountain and starts walking around his body]
OBERYN: Wait. Are you dying? No, no, no. You can't die yet. You haven't confessed. Say it. Say her name. Elia Martell. You raped her. You killed her children. Elia Martell. Who gave you the order? Who gave you the order?! Say her name! You raped her! You murdered her! You killed her children. Say it. Say her name. Say it!
[The Mountain trips Oberyn and grabs him in his massive hands. He punches out his teeth and gets on top of Oberyn, squeezing his head]
MOUNTAIN: Elia Martell. I killed her children. Then I raped her. Then I smashed her head in like this!
[Ellaria screams in agony. Tyrion looks dead inside]
TYWEN: *standing up* The gods have made their will known. Tyrion Lannister, in the name of King Tommen of the House Baratheon, First of His Name, you are hereby sentenced to death.
[Opens on Jon Snow and Samwell Tarly standing on the edge of The Wall. It's night]
SAM: What was she like?
JON: She...she had red hair.
SAM: Oh? How big were her feet?
JON: Well what do you want me to say?
SAM: I want you to tell me what it was like to have someone. To be with someone. To love someone and have them love you back. We're all gonna die a lot sooner than I'd planned. You're the closest I'll ever get to know it.
JON: So you and Gilly never-
SAM: No...she just had a baby! ...and she never offered.
JON: But if she had, you would've? You'd have broken your vows?
SAM: The interesting thing is, our vows never specifically forbid intimate relations with women.
JON: What?
SAM: "I shall take no wife" yes, that's in there, there's no denying that. "I shall father no children" it's very specific. But what our vows have to say about other...activities...is open to interpretation.
JON: I don't think Ser Alliser cares much for interpretation.
SAM: Anyway, there's nothing for him to interpret. We didn't. So what's it like?
JON: It's...there's this person, this whole other person. And you're wrapped up in them and they're wrapped up in you and...you...for a little...for a little while you're more than just you, you're...well I don't know, I'm not a bleedin' poet!
SAM: No, you're really not.
JON: And what did I get for it? An arrow six inches from my heart.
SAM: There'll be arrows for all of us soon I imagine.
JON: There will.
SAM: They've already done the worst thing to me they could ever do.
JON: Go get some sleep, Sam. I'll take this watch.
[Sam gets in the lift back down off the wall. An owl perches on a post. Cut to the Wildlings where Thenn warg is standing with his eyes white. Ygritte, Tormund, and Styr are sitting in the background]
TORMUND: Did I ever tell you about her? My Sheila?
YGRITTE: Yes.
TORMUND: Oh that was a night to remember. Of course, I'd had a good bit to drink *laughs* the fangs were sharp, but she knew how to use them. And she was nice and soft down below. No, she was no ordinary beast. Many's the man who--
YGRITTE: I know you never fucked a bear. You know you never fucked a bear. Right now I don't wanna think about the bear you never fucked. Right now all I want to think about is each one of these arrows finding its way into a Crow's heart.
TORMUND: We could be waiting here a while.
YGRITTE: Good. The longer we wait, the more arrows I'll have. When they came up here, to our land, and put up a big wall and said it was their's. Then they started hunting us down. But this time, we're the one's doing the hunting.
STYR: You've got a lot to say about killing. Even more words than arrows.
YGRITTE: Back in those villages I killed just as many of them as you did. More, I reckon.
STYR: Yes. But none of those were your Crow lover.
YGRITTE: I probably killed him already.
STYR: So you've said.
YGRITTE: And if not. The only thing left of him is gonna be his fun-bits hanging around me neck.
STYR: And more words. Know what I think you do when you see him? Serve him up a nice juicy slice of ginger minge.
[Everyone laughs. Ygritte gets up and rushes towards Styr]
YGRITTE: What, you been thinkin' about that ginger minge? Wondering what it tastes like?
STYR: Maybe I have.
YGRITTE: Jon Snow is mine. *shouting* Anyone else tries to kill him, I'll have an arrow for them. *to Styr* And not one of your bald friends is fast enough to stop me.
[Gilly walks along the top of the hill with her baby, looking down at the Wildling camp. She walks away quickly. Cut to Sam in the library reading]
AEMON: And what is it that couldn't wait until morning, Tarly?
SAM: Maester Aemon. How did you know-
AEMON: That it was you? Who else but Samwell Tarly would be wasting candles to read in the middle of the night?
SAM: Let me help you.
AEMON: Oh, no need. I know my way around this library better than any other place in Castle Black. Thousands of books and no eyes to read them. Old age is a wonderful source of ironies if nothing else. But you didn't answer my question, what are you reading?
SAM: Maester Faull
AEMON: Ah, the Wildlings. I can assure you that the closest Maester Faull ever got to a Wildling was this very library.
SAM: But what he says about what they do...it's all true. It's exactly what the survivors of their raids report.
AEMON: Yes. Imagine the stories Wildlings tell about us! Love is the death of duty. I told that to your friend Jon Snow once. He didn't listen and neither did you. That's why you abandoned your watch atop the wall to come here and read about the things that may have happened to the girl you love.
SAM: I don't love her.
AEMON: Yes you do.
SAM: No.
AEMON: Yes you do! I heard it in your voice when you first brought her to me. I remember how it sounds! I was in love once.
SAM: You were?
AEMON: You can imagine all manner of horrors befalling that poor girl and her child, is it so difficult to imagine that an old person was once, more or less, like you?
SAM: I'm sorry Maester, I didn't mean it like that.
AEMON: You know who I was before I came here? What I could've been if I'd only said the word? Of course you do. I met many girls when I was Aemon Targaryen. A future king always does. Some of them were quite forward in their attempts to win my affections. One of them succeeded. I was very young.
SAM: Who was she?
AEMON: Ah ha. I could tell you everything about her. Who she was. How we met. The color of her eyes and the shape of her nose. I can see her right in front of me. She's more real than you are. We could spend all night trading tales of lost love. Nothing makes the past a sweeter place to visit than the prospect of imminent death. Go to bed Tarly.
[Aemon gets up and blows out the candle. Sam leaves the room and outside hears Gilly at the gate talking with Pypar]
PYP: I'm sorry, I can't open the gate for nobody. It's orders!
GILLY: They killed everyone! Everyone but me and my baby. And they're out there. I saw them on the way here, they may have seen me, they may have followed me please!
PYP: I'm sorry, I can't.
GILLY: If they find the boy, you don't know what they'll do.
SAM: Pyp! Open the gate.
PYP: I can't.
GILLY: Sam, is that you?!
SAM: Yes!
PYP: Thorne gave me strict orders to not open the gate.
SAM: Oh, Pyp. Open the fucking gate!
[Pyp goes to open the gate]
PYP: I've never heard you curse before.
SAM: Yes, well, best get used to it.
[Gilly runs inside and Sam embraces her]
SAM: Are you alright? Shh, you're alright. Yeah, of course you are my brave little fella.
GILLY: It was horrible.
SAM: I'm so so sorry. I didn't know until I got back.
GILLY: Don't let them send me away, Sam.
SAM: Never.
GILLY: I know there's no women allowed.
SAM: Anyone who tries to throw you out will be having words with me. From now on, wherever you go, I go too.
[A horn sounds in the distance]
ALLISER: Get ready!
[Members of the Night's Watch can be heard shouting frantically. The owl screeches. Cut to Thenn warg whose eyes turn back to normal]
THENN WARG: It's time.
[The Wildlings get up and look at the hill. The owl flies away as the Night's Watch prepare for battle. Jon Snow walks out to the edge of The Wall and looks down upon flames in the distance. The Night's Watch light torches preparing for battle. Barrels are rolled to the edge of The Wall]
JANOS: Pick up the pace!
[The barrels are rolled into place]
JON: There we go, boys. That's one. There's two. Come on, let's get the next lot. That's the last of the oil, Ser Alliser.
ALLISER: A hundred thousand you say?
JON: Yes sir.
ALLISER: You can say it if you like. We should've sealed the tunnel while we had the chance like you suggested.
JON: It was a difficult decision either way, Ser.
ALLISER: Do you know what leadership means, Lord Snow? It means that the person in charge gets second-guessed by every clever little twat with a mouth. But if he starts second-guessing himself, that's the end. For him. For the clever little twats. For everyone. This is not the end. Not for us. Not if you lot do your duty for however long it takes to beat them back. And then you get to go on hating me and I get to go on wishing your Wildling whore had finished the job.
[Sam and Gilly are walking down a hall. Sam unlocks a door and they both enter. The room is filled with supplies. Gilly lays her baby on a sack of something]
SAM: You'll be safe down here. I'll check on you as soon as I can.
GILLY: You're leaving me again?
SAM: I'm not leaving you!
GILLY: You're going up there and we're staying down here. That's leaving. You said from now on we'd stay together.
SAM: I...I didn't mean in the same room.
GILLY: What are you going to do out there?
SAM: Help my brothers.
GILLY: How?! You going to fight the Free Folk when they come? They'll kill you. In Molestown they killed everyone.
SAM: I can't just hide here with you while they're fighting out there.
GILLY: Why not? You won't matter up there, you will down here.
SAM: Look. I am a man of the Night's Watch, Gilly. I made a promise to defend The Wall and I have to keep it, because that's what men do.
[Sam kisses Gilly]
GILLY: Promise me you won't die.
SAM: I promise you I won't die.
[Sam turns around and leaves the room. Outside the Night's Watch is still getting ready for battle. Pyp sets some arrows up then stands back, scared]
SAM: There's a lot more Wildlings on the other side of the wall than this side. We've got us some weapons and things. This is the perfect place for us to be.
PYP: I've never thrown a spear before. I've never held a sword with a proper edge. There's no place for me to be. You're not afraid?
SAM: Of course I'm afraid, there's a band of Wildlings coming to kill us.
PYP: Well if you're afraid of a band of Wildlings, how in seven hells did you manage to kill a White Walker?
SAM: I didn't know I was going to kill it, but I had to do something I didn't have any choice, he was going to kill Gilly and take the baby. If someone had asked me my name right then, I wouldn't have known. I wasn't Samwell Tarly anymore. I wasn't a Steward in the Night's Watch or son of Randyll Tarly or any of that. I was nothing at all. And when you're nothing at all, there's no more reason to be afraid.
PYP: But you're afraid now?
SAM: Yes, well, I'm not nothing anymore.
[Ygritte looks up at Castle Black. She sees Sam in the tower and she runs down the hill toward the other Wildlings]
YGRITTE: Most of their men are up top. Didn't count more than twenty down there. Leftovers. They've got a little fat one and a little bony one manning the front.
STYR: How high are the walls?
YGRITTE: Well, we'll be up and over before they know what's happened.
TORMUND: Let's kill some Crows!
[Everyone cheers]
TORMUND: *yells* Come on! *puts out the fire*
[The Wildlings head towards Castle Black. Overhead shot pans to show the castle, The Wall, and then the flames in the distance. Mance Rayder's forces are seen stomping and yelling through the woods. A giant rides a giant mammoth. The Night's Watch perched upon the wall look down at them in awe]
ALLISER: Archers knock, everyone else hold.
[The archers get ready to shoot, Grenn accidentally drops a barrel]
ALLISER: I said knock and hold you cunts! Does knock mean draw?!
NIGHT'S WATCH: No Ser!
ALLISER: Does fucking hold mean fucking drop?!
NIGHT'S WATCH: No Ser!
ALLISER: You all plan to die here tonight?
NIGHT'S WATCH: No Ser!
ALLISER: That's very good to hear. Draw!
MEMBER 1: Help, down below.
[Tormund and his men rush Castle Black as archers shoot at them. Ygritte grabs flaming arrows from the ground and shots up at the Night's Watch]
JANOS: They're attacking the southern gates!
ALLISER: Now?
JANOS: Now!
ALLISER: I'm going down then. Brother Slynt, you have The Wall.
JANOS: What?!
ALLISER: What are you fucking waiting for, loose!
JANOS: You heard the man. Loose!
[The archers on The Wall let loose a barrage of arrows downward at Rayder's troops. They back up, then cheer. On the other side, Ygritte continues to let loose flaming arrows]
TORMUND: You, over there.
[Pyp shoots a crossbow down at Tormund's troops]
SAM: Did you get one?
PYP: No. Ah shit, Pyp. Shit. Sam.
SAM: Yeah?
PYP: I think we're gonna die.
SAM: If you keep missing we will.
[Tormund's troops throw rope up at the gate. Alliser steps off the lift and walks towards the Night's Watch]
ALLISER: Brothers! A hundred generations have defended this castle. We've never fallen before. She will not fall tongiht. Those are Things at our walls. They eat the flesh of the men they kill. Do you want to fill the belly of a Thing tonight?
NIGHT'S WATCH: No!
ALLISER: Tonight we fight. And when the sun rises I promise you, Castle Black will stand.
[Night's Watch cheers]
ALLISER: The Night's Watch will stand.
[Night's Watch cheers]
ALLISER: With me now! Now, with me!
[Alliser and the Night's Watch rush at the Wildlings that have scaled the gate. Pyp and Sam leave their position as Tormund scales the gate. On the other side Rayder's troops advance]
JANOS: No discipline. No training. Gang of thieves, that's all this is. I commanded the city watch of King's Landing. Those men obeyed orders.
JON: We can't just let them attack the gate!
JANOS: The bars of those gates are four inches of cold, rolled steel.
JON: Those are giants riding mammoths down there. Do you think your cold, rolled steel's gonna stop them?
JANOS: No such thing as giants. They're stories for the children.
GRENN: Brother Slynt! I've just got word that Ser Alliser needs you below. You're the most experienced man he's got, he said he needs ya.
JANOS: Needed below? Yes. Yes.
[Janos runs away. Jon and Grenn nod at each other]
JON: Archers! Knock your arrows! Draw! Loose!
[The archers let loose a bunch of arrows at Rayder's men as they rush the wall and begin to climb]
JON: They won't summit before dawn.
GRENN: How do you know that?
JON: Because I've made that claim.
ED: I think they're in a bigger hurry than you were.
[Archers of the Night's Watch are lowered perpendicular to The Wall]
JON: Knock! Draw! Loose!
[A Wildling tries to shoot an arrow up at The Wall unsuccessfully. A giant stands next to him and shoots his own arrow up. The first rips through one of the posts. The second clears one of the Night's Watch straight off the wall. At Castle Black the fighting continues. Styr kills a man, the blood splatters on Olly's face. Janos comes down off the lift and Olly returns the lift to the top. Wildlings break into the kitchen. Janos cowardly runs down a hall toward where Gilly and her baby are hiding. He looks at her in shock. Outside Pyp finally hits someone with his crossbow.]
PYP: I got one. Right through the heart, he's dead.
SAM: Oh, is it over?
PYP: Huh?
SAM: Well then. *hands Pyp a loaded crossbow*
[Pyp goes up to shoot a Wildling, but Ygrytte shoots an arrow right through his neck. He falls into Sam's arms]
SAM: You're alright. You're alright. I'll get help. Shh, shh. Maester Aemon is coming, he's gonna make it alright.
JON: Now!
ED: Now!
[The Night's Watch drop barrels down toward the Wildlings that approach the gate. Two giants and a mammoth approach the gate and begin pulling at it with long ropes]
JON: *to Grenn* The outer gate won't hold. Take five men, hold the inner gate.
GRENN: Alright.
JON: *grabs Grenn's arm* Hold the gate. If they make it through...
GRENN: They won't. Come on Hill! And you Cooper! You three, on me! Come on you lazy bastards!
JON: Oil!
ED: Oil on the ramp!
ALLISER: Protect the gate!
[Alliser and Tormund start fighting each other like badasses. Tormund slices Alliser in the gut. Alliser falls to the ground and gets dragged  underneath]
ALLISER: Hold the fucking gate! Hold it!
[Sam sits with Pyp on his lap, dead. He lays him on the ground and grabs the crossbow. He makes a run for the lift as Thenn warg sees him and chases after him. Sam shoots him in the head with his crossbow. Grenn and the men that came down with him get off the lift]
SAM: *to Grenn* We need more men down here.
GRENN: We have to hold the gate.
SAM: But we need men here.
GRENN: Tell Jon! He's in command. *to the men behind him* Let's go!
[Sam gets in the lift]
SAM: *to Olly* Get me to the top! You hear me?!
[Olly sits on the ground with his hands over his ears in fear]
SAM: Your name's Olly, right? Listen to me Olly, get me to the top and when we give a signal, bring us back down. Do you hear me?
[Olly raises the lift]
SAM: And find a weapon, Olly. Fight them!
[Olly looks down at a bow and arrow. On The Wall, barrels of flaming oil are dropped down on the giants and the mammoth. The mammoth goes running off and one of the giants chases after it. Up top, one of the barrels got stuck and the men of the Night's Watch frantically try to get it off the ramp. A spear is fired down at one of the giants and it hits him right in the back. The other giant shouts in anger and goes to raise the gate with his bare hands. The barrel explodes on the ramp. Sam approaches Jon]
JON: What are you doing up here?
SAM: The Wildlings are over the walls. Ser Alliser has fallen. The castle walls can't stand much longer.
JON: Ed. You have The Wall. If they try the mammoths again, drop fire on them. If the climbers get too high, drop the scythe on them.
[Jon leaves his post and grabs his sword]
JON: Two brothers now fight with me.
ED: Might as well enjoy our last night, right boys? Light the fuckers up. Knock! Draw! Loose!
[Grenn gets to the inner gate with his men as the giant continues to raise the gate]
DONNEL: How are we gonna stop that?
COOPER: We shot twenty-eight arrows in him already.
GRENN: You heard Jon, we hold the gate.
DONNEL: Jon Snow's not Lord Commander.
GRENN: We hold the gate!
[The giant lifts the gate and goes under it]
DONNEL: Mother save me. Father save me.
GRENN: The gods aren't down here. It's the six of us, you hear me?
DONNEL: No, please.
[The giant rushes toward the inner gate as Grenn and his men stand in fear, ready to fight]
GRENN: Night gathers, and now my watch begins. It shall not end until my death. I shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children. I shall wear no crowns
All TOGETHER: And win no glory. I shall live and die at my post. I am the sword in the darkness. I am the watcher on the walls. I am the shield that guards the realms of men. I pledge my life and honor to the Night's Watch, for this night and all the nights to come!
[Jon, Sam, and the other men ride the lift to the bottom]
JON: *to Sam* I don't want you out there.
SAM: You can't protect me forever. There won't be anywhere to hide if the castle falls.
[Jon hands Sam a key]
JON: I need him more than I need you.
[Sam nods as Jon opens the lift door early and leaps out and begins fighting. So begins the most incredible shot in the series, as the camera pans around the entire battlefield showing us glimpses of this truly epic battle. Sam runs to a door and unlocks it]
SAM: We need you boy.
[Ghost runs out and attacks one of the men that Jon was fighting. Tormund gets his first arrow to the back. Styr sees Jon and rushes to fight him. They go at it for a bit. Ygritte runs out of arrows so she jumps down and steals some from a dead body. Styr and Jon are still fighting as Ygritte finally spots Jon. Styr slams Jon's face against an anvil. Jon kills Styr with a hammer. As he turns around he sees Yrgitte with an arrow aimed right at him. They both stare, Jon smiles. An arrow goes straight through Ygritte's chest. She falls to the ground. It was Olly, that bastard. Jon rushes to catch Ygritte]
YGRITTE: Jon Snow.
JON: No, shh, don't talk.
YGRITTE: Do you remember that cave?
[Jon nods]
YGRITTE: We should've stayed in that cave.
JON: We'll go back there.
YGRITTE: You know nothing, Jon Snow.
[Ygritte dies. The battle rages on as Jon holds Ygritte's dead body. On the other side, Rayder's troops are climbing the wall]
ED: Drop the scythe, boys!
[A massive scythe drops down on the men]
ED: Hoister up!
[Rayder's troops retreat]
ED: They've had enough for one night.
[The Night's Watch cheers in excitement]
ED: Don't cheer too loud. They still outnumber us a thousand to one.
[Inside Castle Black's walls Tormund is still alive, swinging his sword with two arrows in his back]
JON: Tormund. It's over, let it end.
TORMUND: This is how a man ends.
[Jon grabs a crossbow and shoots Tormund in the leg then kicks away his weapon]
JON: Put him in chains. We'll question him later.
TORMUND: I should've thrown you from the top of your wall boy!
JON: Aye, you should've.
[Gilly hears someone entering her room. She grabs a leg of meat as a weapon and rushes the door]
SAM: Woah! It's me. It's me. I promised you, didn't I?
[Sam turns around and sees Janos. Outside the Night's Watch clean up after the battle. Sam and Jon descend the stairs]
SAM: We held them off.
JON: For one night.
SAM: This is a great victory.
JON: Great victory? Mance was testing our defenses. He almost made it through. And he has more giants, he has more mammoths. He has a thousand times as many men. They'll hit us again tonight. Maybe we can hold them off for a day or two, but we can never beat them.
SAM: Where are you going?
JON: I'm going to find Mance.
SAM: To...you can't do that. No one gave you any orders.
JON: Who's left to give orders? The Wildling army is only an army because of Mance. He united a hundred warring tribes. Without Mance they lose their leader. They lose their purpose, they go back to fighting each other, scatter back to their home.
SAM: Without Mance? You're going to kill him?
JON: I'm going to try.
SAM: They'll never let you within a hundred yards of him. And if you did, even if you managed to kill him.
JON: He'll kill me. If I don't go he'll kill me anyway. They'll kill the rest of us too.
SAM: He won't just kill ya. They'll boil you. They'll filet you. They'll make it last days!
JON: You're right. It's a bad plan. What's your plan?
[Jon stands there for a second as he and Sam look at each other, then he walks off, Sam scampering after him. They walk down the tunnel toward the gate. The giant and Grenn and his men are dead on the ground]
JON: They held the gate. Get some brothers down here to help you. You need to burn the bodies. Raise the outer gate, then lower it again as soon as I'm out.
[Sam waves his torch to signal the raising of the gate. Jon removes his sword]
SAM: What are you doing?
JON: I promised Jeor I'd never lose it again. *he hands the sword to Sam* In case I don't come back.
SAM: Jon. Come back.
[The gate raises and Jon walks through it]
[Jon Snow leaves the tunnel and walks out into the snow. Smoking dead bodies lie all around him. As he walks into the forest he becomes surrounded by Wildlings. He has entered the Wildling camp unarmed]
MANCE: You're wearing a black cloak again.
JON: I've been sent to negotiate with you.
[Mance and Jon enter Mance's tent and take a seat]
MANCE: It appears my trusting nature got the better of me. It's happened before. I was hoping your loyalty was real when you pledged yourself to us, Jon Snow, truly I was.
JON: The Halfhand ordered me to join your army and bring back whatever information I could to Castle Black. He made me kill him so you'd trust me. I was loyal, to him and to my Night's Watch vows.
MANCE: All of your vows? She wasn't enough to turn ya, eh? Were you enough to turn her?
JON: She put three arrows in me when I escaped.
MANCE: Did you see her again at Castle Black?
JON: Yes.
MANCE: And?
JON: She's dead.
MANCE: Your doing?
JON: No.
MANCE: We'll drink to her.
[One of the Wildlings gets two cups and fills them with liquid. Jon looks at Mance]
MANCE: Of all the ways I'd kill you, poison would be the last.
[They pick up their cups]
MANCE: Ygritte.
JON: Ygritte.
[They take a sip and Jon begins to cough]
JON: That's not wine.
MANCE: No, it's a proper Northern drink, Jon Snow. You did well. Fought hard. Killed some of our strongest men. One of our giants went into your tunnel and never came out again. Mag the Mighty.
JON: He's dead. He killed my friend Grenn.
MANCE: He was their king. Last of a bloodline that stretches back before the First Men.
JON: Grenn came from a farm.
[They lift their cups]
MANCE: Mag and Grenn.
JON: Grenn and Mag.
MANCE: Kullback, could I trouble you for something to eat? I don't imagine our guest has eaten anything in quite some time. So. You're here to strike a bargain?
JON: Turn your army around and go home.
MANCE: You know I know you're low on arrows. You're low on oil. You're low on men. How many are left? 50?
JON: I told Tormund and Orell. We have more than a thousand men.
MANCE: I showed you everything I had. The whole army, a hundred thousand strong, and what did you do? You fired on us with everything you had. It wasn't much. Soon as I saw that I sent four hundred men to climb the wall. An unmanned stretch five miles west of here. A lot of them will die climbing, but most of them will be over by the end of the day. This is me being honest with you, Jon Snow, which is more than you've ever done for me. My people have bled enough. We're not here to conquer, we're here to hide behind your wall just like you. We need your tunnel. Now we both know that winter is coming and if my people aren't south of the wall when it comes in earnest, we'll all end up worse than dead. Wanna strike a bargain with me? Here's a bargain. You go back, you open the gates to us and I swear to you that no one else will die. Refuse and we'll kill every last man in Castle Black.
[Jon looks over towards the knife. The Wildlings get their weapons ready]
MANCE: Ah! Oh, that's why you're here. I reckon you could do it before any of them could stop ya. They'd kill you of course, they'd kill ya slow, but ya knew that when you came in here. Are you capable of that, Jon Snow? Killing a man in his own tent when he's just offered ya peace? Is that what the Night's Watch is? Is that what you are?
[A horn blows in the distance. Everyone scrambles, Mance draws a knife to Jon's neck]
MANCE: You attacking us?
JON: No, it's like you said, we don't have the men.
[The Wildlings run around frantically. Men on horseback ride toward them]
MANCE: Hold! To me. To me.
[The horsemen continue toward the Wildlings, killing all in their path. The Wildlings fight back, clearly outnumbered]
MANCE: Stand down! I said my people have bled enough and I meant it.
[Stannis Baratheon and Davos Seaworth ride up toward Mance Rayder. They get off their horses. Mance disarms himself]
STANNIS: You're the king beyond the wall?
[Mance nods]
STANNIS: You know who I am?
MANCE: Never had the pleasure.
DAVOS: This is Stannis Baratheon, the one true king of the seven kingdoms.
MANCE: We're not in the seven kingdoms and you're not dressed for this weather.
STANNIS: It is customary to kneel when surrendering to a king.
MANCE: We do not kneel.
STANNIS: I'll have thousands of your men in chains by nightfall, I'll have nowhere to put them and nothing to feed them. I'm not here to slaughter beat dogs. Their fate depends on their king.
MANCE: All the same, we do not kneel.
STANNIS: Take these men away.
DAVOS: What are men of the Night's Watch doing in a Wildling camp?
JON: I was sent to discuss terms with the king beyond the wall.
DAVOS: You're speaking to the one true king boy. You'll address him as your grace.
JON: I know he's the king. My father died for him. My name is Jon Snow, your grace. I'm Ned Stark's son.
STANNIS: Your father was an honorable man.
JON: He was, your grace.
STANNIS: What do you think he'd have done with him?
JON: I was this man's prisoner once. He could've tortured me, he could've killed me, but he spared my life. I think my father would've taken him prisoner, listened to what he had to say.
STANNIS: Very well. *to Davos* Take him.
JON: Your grace. If my father'd seen the things that I've seen, he'd also tell you to burn the dead before nightfall. All of them.
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING
[Qyburn is seen closely analyzing Gregor's body. He's in Pycelle's lab with Cersei]
PYCELLE: I would suggest milk of the poppy to ease his pain but he is completely insensate.
CERSEI: Bloody Martells.
PYCELLE: The cause appears to be manticore venom.
QYBURN: It is, yes, manticore.
PYCELLE: I've read a good deal about it. It's a horrible poison, usually Mantari in origin. Oh! Yes, yes. There's nothing to be done.
QYBURN: Yes there is.
PYCELLE: May I ask what you think you're doing?
QYBURN: Saving him.
PYCELLE: Your grace. I wish it were otherwise, but Ser Gregor is beyond saving. Well, well beyond. This man is not even a Maester, let alone Grand Maester.
QYBURN: That's for the best. No Maester knows how to save him.
PYCELLE: That is exactly the sort of arrogance that had him expelled from the citadel, your grace. His curiosity was deemed dangerous and unnatural. Rightly so in my opinion.
CERSEI: You're dismissed, Grand Maester.
PYCELLE: Your grace. This is my laboratory!
CERSEI: Not anymore.
[Pycelle leaves the laboratory angrily as Qyburn tries to save Gregor's body]
CERSEI: You can save him?
QYBURN: Difficult to say, your grace, but if my past work is any guide. We stand a chance.
CERSEI: Do everything you can. Come to me with anything you need.
QYBURN: Thank you, your grace. You should know, the process may change him, somewhat.
CERSEI: Will it weaken him?
QYBURN: Oh no.
CERSEI: Very well then.
[Cersei leaves as Qyburn drains Gregor's blood. Cersei is seen arguing with Tywin]
TYWIN: Not another word. We've been over this, the matter's closed.
CERSEI: I'm opening it again.
TYWIN: You are betrothed to Loras Tyrell. Still betrothed to Loras Tyrell and you will marry Loras Tyrell as soon as Tommen marries Margaery.
CERSEI: I will not.
TYWIN: Jaime cannot marry or inherit lands. Tyrion's sentence will be carried out tomorrow. You have, on several occasions, made great claims about your commitment to this family's future. Your role in that future is more vital now than it ever was.
CERSEI: I don't care. I will stay in King's Landing where I belong with my son, the king.
TYWIN: When you were nine years old, I was called to the capital. I decided to take your brother with me and not you. You insisted that you would not be left at Casterly Rock under any circumstances and if you recall-
CERSEI: I'm not interested in hearing another one of your smug stories about the time you won. This isn't going to be one of those times.
TYWIN: Do you think you'll be the first person dragged into a sept to be married against her will?
CERSEI: When you marched into the throne room to tell me we'd won the Battle at Blackwater, do you remember?! I was sitting on the iron throne with Tommen. I was about to give him essence of nightshade, that's how far I was willing to go when I thought someone awful had come to take my son away. Someone awful is coming to take him away.
TYWIN: No.
CERSEI: Joffrey is dead. Myrcella's been sold like livestock. And now you want to ship me off to Highgarden and steal my boy, my last boy. Margaery will dig her claws in and you will dig your claws in and you will fight over him like beasts until you rip him apart. I will burn our house to the ground before I let that happen.
TYWIN: And how will you do that?
CERSEI: I'll tell everyone the truth.
TYWIN: And what truth would that be?
CERSEI: You don't know, do you? You never believed it. How is that possible? What am I saying, of course it's possible. How can someone so consumed by the idea of his family have any conception what his actual family was doing? We were right there in front of you and you didn't see us. One look in the past twenty years, one real look and you would've known.
TYWIN: Known what?
CERSEI: Everything they say is true. About Jaime and me.
TYWIN: No, no, no, no, no.
CERSEI: Your legacy is a lie.
TYWIN: I don't believe you.
CERSEI: Yes you do.
[Cersei walks away, leaving Tywin standing there alone. Jaime is turning pages in a book in another room]
CERSEI: Jaime.
JAIME: You won. One fewer brother. Must be proud of yourself. There's really nothing you wouldn't do, is there?
CERSEI: For my family, no. I would do things for my family you couldn't imagine.
JAIME: Tyrion is your family.
CERSEI: He's not.
JAIME: You don't get to choose.
CERSEI: I do, so do you. You can choose the creature that killed our mother to come into this world-
JAIME: Are you really mad enough to blame him for that? He didn't decide to kill her. He was an infant.
CERSEI: A disease doesn't decide to kill you, all the same you cut it out before it does. What do you decide? What do you choose?
JAIME: The things I did to get back to you, to endure all that, only to find you-
[Cersei kisses Jaime]
CERSEI: I choose you.
JAIME: Those are words.
CERSEI: Yes. Like the ones I just said to father. I told him.
JAIME: Told him what?
CERSEI: I told him about us.
JAIME: You told him?
CERSEI: I told him I wouldn't marry Loras Tyrell. I told him I'm staying right here with Tommen, with you.
JAIME: You think he'll just accept that?
CERSEI: Go and ask him.
[Cersei kisses Jaime]
JAIME: What did you say?
CERSEI: I don't want to talk about Tywin Lannister. I don't choose Tywin Lannister, I don't love Tywin Lannister. I love my brother. I love my lover. People will whisper, they'll make their jokes. Let them. They're all so small I can't even see them. I only see what matters.
[Cersei kisses Jaime's metal hand. Jaime pulls her close and kisses her]
JAIME: Someone will walk in.
CERSEI: I don't care.
[Jaime picks Cersei up and lays her on the table as the start having sex.]
CUT TO: MEREEN
[Daenerys is sitting on her throne listening to her people's problems]
MISSANDEI: *in Valyrian* You stand before Daenerys Stormborn, the Unburnt, Queen of Mereen, Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar and the First Men. Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons.
FENNESZ: *in Valyrian* Thank you for seeing me, your grace. My name is Fennesz. I can speak the common tongue if you wish.
DAENERYS: You speak it very well.
FENNESZ: Before you freed me, I belonged to Master Mighdal. I was tutor to his children. I taught them languages and history. They know a great deal about your family because of me. Little Calla is only seven, but she admires you very much.
DAENERYS: I hope I can prove worthy of her admiration. What can I do for you?
FENNESZ: When you took the city, the children begged me not to leave the house. But Master Mighdal and I agreed that I must. So I lost my home. Now I live on the streets.
DAENERYS: I have outfitted mess halls to feed all former slaves and barracks to shelter them.
FENNESZ: I do not mean to offend, your grace. I went to one of these places. The young prey on the old. Take what they want and beat us if we resist.
DAENERYS: My Unsullied will make them safe again in short order my friend, this I promise you.
FENNESZ: Even if they are safe, who would I be there? What purpose would I serve? With my master, I was a teacher. I had the respect and love of these children.
DAENERYS: What is it that you want from me?
FENNESZ: Your grace, I ask you to let me sell myself back to Master Mighdal.
DAENERYS: You want to return to a man who owned you, like a goat or a chair?
FENNESZ: Please, your grace, the young may rejoice in the new world you've built for them. But for those of us too old to change there is only fear and squalor. I am not alone. There are many outside waiting to beg the same-
DAENERYS: I did not take this city to preside over the injustice I fought to destroy. I took it to bring people freedom. But freedom means making your own choices. I will allow you to sign a contract with your former master. It may not cover a period lasting longer than a year.
FENNESZ: Thank you, your grace. Thank you.
[Fennesz leaves slowly]
BARRISTAN: The masters will take advantage of this situation. The men serving them will be slaves in all but name.
[Another man enters the hall]
DAENERYS: Approach my friend.
MAN: *in Low Valyrian* I do not understand, my queen. I do not understand, my queen.
MISSANDEI: *in Low Valyrian* The Queen says you may approach.
MAN: *crying, speaking Low Valyrian*
MISSANDEI: *translating* I have brought you. He came from the sky. The black one. The winged shadow. He came from the sky and...
[The man kneels on the ground sobbing, laying a pile of burnt bones on the ground]
MISSANDEI: *translating* My girl. My little girl.
[The man continues to sob. In another room Daenerys is speaking with Missandei]
DAENERYS: What was her name?
MISSANDEI: Zala, your grace.
DAENERYS: How old was she?
MISSANDEI: Three.
DAENERYS: Three. *in Valyrian* And still no word on Drogon?
GREY WORM: *in Valyrian* Sailors saw him flying over the Black Cliffs three days ago, my queen. Nothing since then.
DAENERYS: *in Valyrian* Meet me in the catacombs.
[The entrance to the catacombs is rolled open. Daenerys' dragons enter followed by Daenerys. Inside there is food for them. They chomp at the food as Daenerys puts a chain collar around their necks. She walks away crying as they screech at her. She turns around as the catacombs close with tears in her eyes.]
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK
[Aemon and the rest of the Night's Watch burn the bodies of their fallen comrades]
AEMON: They came to us from White Harbor and Barrowton, from Fairmarket and King's Landing, from north and south, from east and west. They died protecting men, women, and children who will never know their names. It is for us to remember them. Our brothers, we shall never see their like again.
ALL TOGETHER: And now their watch is ended.
AEMON: And now their watch is ended.
Aemon passes the torch around as each member of the Night's Watch helps burn the bodies. Stannis watches from above. [Jon Snow and Melisandre share a look]
TORMUND: Your old blind man patched me up. Why?
JON: He's sworn to treat all wounded men, friend or foe.
TORMUND: You want me alive so you can torture me?
JON: No one's going to torture you.
TORMUND: So how do we die? Hanging? Beheading? Drop us from the top of the wall?
JON: I don't know what happens to the prisoners.
TORMUND: Who decides?
JON: I suppose Stannis does.
TORMUND: He your king now?
JON: I don't have a king.
TORMUND: You spent too much time with us, Jon Snow. You can never be a kneeler again.
JON: We're gonna burn the bodies of your dead. Do you want to say any words over them?
TORMUND: Words? What kind of words?
JON: Funeral words. I don't know how the Free Folk do it.
TORMUND: Do what?
JON: Say farewell.
TORMUND: The dead can't hear us, boy.
[Jon walks away]
TORMUND: Snow. Did you love her? She loved you.
JON: She told you?
TORMUND: No. All she ever talked about was killing you. That's how I know. She belongs in the North. The real North. You understand me?
[Jon leaves and takes Ygritte's body out past The Wall. He burns her body in a pile of logs.]
CUT TO: BEYOND THE WALL
[Hodor drags Bran through the snow followed by Jojen and Meera Reed]
MEERA: We can stop, we can rest.
JOJEN: We'll rest with the three-eyed raven.
[Jojen falls to the ground]
MEERA: We're not going to make it.
JOJEN: We're already here.
BRAN: Jojen. Jojen! Look, Jojen, look.
[The group stands at the edge of a cliff. A large tree is seen  not too far off in the distance. They head toward it. As they walk a skeleton hand reaches up and drags Jojen to the ground. It starts pulling him backwards as Meera runs towards him]
MEERA: JOJEN! Hold on!
BRAN (to Hodor): Help them! Now!
MEERA: Hold on to me!
[More hands burst from the ground.]
HODOR: Hodor...
BRAN: Help them!
[Skeleton warriors have now emerged from the ground. They attack Jojen, Meera and Hodor. A brawl ensues. One of them attacks Bran until his direwolf, Summer, fights it off. Bran then wargs into Hodor and starts fighting back.]
JOJEN: Bran! Save yourself, now!
[Meera defeats a skeleton warrior, only to see another repeatedly stabbing Jojen. Just as two skeletons close in on the warging Bran, they’re destroyed by two fireballs, apparently controlled by a young girl.]
GIRL: Come with me, Brandon Stark!
[She looks at Meera and Jojen.]
GIRL: He is lost. Come with me, or die with him.
[JOJEN: Go with them.
The girl throws some more fireballs and the group move into a cave. When the skeletons try to follow, they explode.]
GIRL: They cannot follow us. The power that moves them is powerless here.
BRAN: Who are you?
GIRL: The First Men called us The Children, but we were born long before them. Come, he waits for you.
[They enter a room filled with tree roots. An old man is seated in the center. Bran approaches him.]
BRAN: You’re the three-eyed raven.
OLD MAN: I have been many things. Now, I am what you see.
MEERA: My brother, he led us to you, and now he…
OLD MAN: He knew what would happen. From the moment he left, he knew, and he went anyway.
MEERA: How do you know?
OLD MAN: I’ve been watching you. All of you, all of your lives, with a thousand eyes and one. Now you’ve come to me at last, Brandon Stark, though the hour is late.
BRAN: I didn’t want anyone to die for me.
OLD MAN: He died so that you could find what you have lost.
BRAN: You’re going to help me walk again?
OLD MAN: You’ll never walk again. But you will fly.
CUT TO: THE RIVERLANDS
[Brienne and Podrick wake up in the open air on their way to the Eyrie.]
BRIENNE: Podrick. Podrick! Where are the horses?
PODRICK: I hobbled them last night.
BRIENNE: What sort of hobble?
PODRICK: A figure-eight, like you taught me.
BRIENNE: If you did it like I taught you then the horses would be here.
PODRICK: Thieves, maybe?
BRIENNE: It’s at least thirty miles to the Eyrie from here. You’re carrying the saddle bags.
[Brienne sees Arya Stark practising her river-dancing.]
ARYA: People coming. You can shit later, there’s people coming!
BRIENNE: Morning!
ARYA: Morning.
BRIENNE: I like your sword. Are we getting close to the bloody gate?
ARYA: About ten more miles.
BRIENNE: Did you hear that Podrick? Only about ten more miles to the Bloody Gate.
ARYA: Are you a knight?
BRIENNE: No.
ARYA: But you know how to use that sword.
BRIENNE: I do.
ARYA: Does it have a name?
BRIENNE: “Oathkeeper.”
ARYA: Mine’s “Needle.”
BRIENNE: Good name.
ARYA: Who taught you how to fight?
BRIENNE: My father.
ARYA: Mine never wanted to. Said fighting was for boys.
BRIENNE: Mine said the same. But I kept fighting the boys anyway. Kept losing. Finally my father said, “If you’re going to do it, you might as well do it right.”
[Sandor “The Hound” Clegane emerges.]
BRIENNE: Seven blessings. I’m Brienne of Tarth, this is Podrick Payne.
HOUND: You want something?
BRIENNE: You’re Arya Stark.
HOUND: I asked if you wanted something.
BRIENNE: I swore to your mother I would bring you home to her.
ARYA: My mother’s dead.
BRIENNE: I know. I wish I could’ve been there to protect her.
ARYA: You’re not a northerner.
BRIENNE: I know, but I swore a sacred vow to protect her.
ARYA: Why didn’t you?
BRIENNE: She commanded me to bring Jaime Lannister back to King’s Landing.
HOUND: You’re paid by the Lannisters. You’re here for the bounty on me.
BRIENNE: I’m not paid by the Lannisters.
HOUND: No? Fancy sword you’ve got there. Where’d you get it? I’ve been looking at Lannister gold all my life. Go on, Brienne of fucking Tarth, tell me that’s not Lannister gold.
BRIENNE: Jaime Lannister gave me this sword.
ARYA: The Bloody Gate’s ten miles.
BRIENNE: I swore to your mother by the Old Gods and the New -
ARYA: I don’t care what you swore!
BRIENNE: Arya!
HOUND: You heard the girl! She’s not coming with you.
BRIENNE: She is.
[Brienne and The Hound both draw their swords.]
BRIENNE: Come with me Arya. I’ll take you to safety.
HOUND: Safety?! Where the fuck’s that? Her aunt in the Eyrie’s dead. Her mother’s dead, her father’s dead, her brother’s dead. Winterfell’s a pile of rubble. There’s no safety, you dumb bitch. If you don’t know that by now, you’re the wrong one to watch over her.
BRIENNE: And that’s what you’re doing? Watching over her?
HOUND: Aye, that’s what I’m doing.
[They begin a swordfight. The Hound seems to have the upper hand but Brienne defends well and floors him.]
BRIENNE: I have no wish to kill you Ser.
[The Hound grabs Brienne’s blade with his palms, shoves it to one side and punches her.]
HOUND: I’m not a knight.
[They fight bare-handed, Brienne bites off The Hound's ear, then The Hound draws a knife, and Brienne grabs a rock. She pushes The Hound down a steep cliff.]
BRIENNE: Arya! Arya! ARYA! Where is she?
PODRICK: She was just here...
BRIENNE: Why weren’t you watching her?
PODRICK: I was watching you I thought you migth need some help…
BRIENNE: Which way Pod? Which way did she go?
PODRICK: Ah, I think that way.
BRIENNE: Arya!
[The camera moves to show us Arya hiding just above Brienne. She walks down to The Hound.]
HOUND: You’re still here? [Coughs] Big bitch saved you.
ARYA: I don’t need saving.
HOUND: No, not you. You’re a real killer. With your water dancing, and your needle.
ARYA: You’re gonna die?
HOUND: Unless there’s a Maester hiding behind that rock, aye, I’m done. I’d skin you alive for wine. [Arya offers water.] Fuck water! Killed by a woman. (Chuckles) I bet you liked that. Go on, go after her. She’ll help you. Going out alone, you won’t last a day out there.
ARYA: I’ll last longer than you.
HOUND: You remember where the heart is? Fuck it. I’m ready. Go on, girl. Another name off your list. You kept promising me. I cut down your butcher’s boy, the ginger. He was begging for mercy. Please sir, please don’t kill me, please, please. Bled all over my horse. Saddle stunk of butcher’s boy for weeks. And your sister, your pretty sister. I should’ve taken her. That night the Blackwater burned, I should’ve fucked her bloody. At least I’d have one happy memory! Do I have to beg you? Do it. Do it.
[Arya stands up, takes The Hound’s coin purse, and walks away.]
HOUND: Kill me. Kill me! Kill me! Kill me!
CUT TO: KING'S LANDING
[We enter Tyrion’s cell. The door opens.]
TYRION: Oh, get on with it you son of a whore.
JAIME: Is that any way to speak about our mother?
TYRION: What’re you doing?
JAIME: What do you think I’m doing? The galley’s waiting in the bay bound for the Free Cities.
TYRION: Who’s helping you?
JAIME: Varys.
TYRION: Varys?
JAIME: You have more friends than you thought.
[They reach the end of the underground tunnel.]
JAIME: There’s a locked door at the top of the stairs. Knock on it twice, and then twice again. Varys will open.
TYRION: I suppose this is goodbye, then.
[They hug.]
JAIME: Farewell, little brother.
TYRION: Jaime, thank you. For my life.
JAIME: Quickly now.
[Tyrion takes a torch and uses a trap door to enter a room. There is a woman sleeping on a double bed, and we see the booch of the Hand of the King.]
WOMAN: Tywin… my lion...
[We see that the woman is Shae. She grabs a knife, and she and Tyrion struggle. Tyrion eventually strangles her with the bedclothes, weeping.]
TYRION: I’m sorry. I’m sorry.
[Tyrion takes a crossbow from the wall and walks in on Tywin on the privy.]
TYWIN: Tyrion! Put down the crossbow. Who released you? Ah, your brother ,I expect. He always had a soft spot for you. Come, we’ll go and talk in my chambers. Is this how you want to speak to me? Shaming your father has always given you pleasure…
TYRION: All my life, you’ve wanted me dead.
TYWIN: Yes. But you refused to die. I respect that, even admire it. You fight for what’s yours. I’d never let them execute you; is that what you fear? I’d never let Illyn Payne take your head. You’re a Lannister. You’re my son.
TYRION: I loved her.
TYWIN: Who?
TYRION: Shae.
TYWIN: Bah, Tyrion. Put down that crossbow.
TYRION: I murdered her. With my own hands.
TYWIN: It doesn’t matter.
TYRION: It doesn’t matter?
TYWIN: She was a whore!
TYRION: Say that word again.
TYWIN: And what? You’ll kill your own father in the privy? No. You’re my son. Enough of this nonsense…
TYRION: I am your son, and you sentenced me to die. You knew I didn’t poison Joffrey, but you sentenced me all the same. Why?
TYWIN: Enough. We’ll go back to my chambers and speak with some dignity.
TYRION: I can’t go back there. She’s in there.
TYWIN: What, are you afraid of a dead whore?
[Tyrion fires the crossbow at Tywin.]
TYWIN: You shot me. You’re no son of mine.
TYRION: I am your son. I have always been your son.
[Tyrion fires again.]
VARYS: What have you done? Quickly. Trust me, my friend, I’ve brought you this far.
[Varys loads Tyrion, in a transport container, onto a ship. He goes to walk back to King's Landing, but turns around and boards the ship himself]
CUT TO: THE RIVERLANDS
[We go back to Arya, alone. She rides her horse to a small port.]
ARYA: I want to see the captain.
CAPTAIN: You’re seeing him.
ARYA: I want to go north, to the wall.
CAPTAIN: No you don’t.
ARYA: I can pay.
CAPTAIN: There is nothing in the north but ice and war and pirates.
ARYA: I wouldn’t need a cabin. Please, I could work, scrubbing the floors, or…
CAPTAIN: I’m not going north, child, we’re going home.
ARYA: Where’s home?
CAPTAIN: The Free City of Braavos.
ARYA: Wait, I have something else.
CAPTAIN: More silver won’t make a difference.
ARYA: It’s not silver, it’s iron.
[Arya hands over the token she was given by Jaqen H'ghar.]
ARYA: Valar morghulis.
CAPTAIN: How did you… valar dohaeris. Of course, you shall have a cabin.
[We see Arya aboard the ship.]
NO SPOILERS IF YOU HAVE READ THE BOOKS: LET EVERYONE ENJOY THE SERIES AS THEY WANT
TITLE SEQUENCE
EXT. WOODS
A younger Cersei and her friend Melara are walking in the woods.
MELARA: We shouldn’t be out here alone.
CERSEI: Why not?
MELARA: If your father hears…
CERSEI: He’ll never know we’ve been gone.
MELARA: But if he finds out…
Cersei takes her hands.
CERSEI: You don’t need to be afraid of my father.
They walk until they see a hut with smoke coming out of it.
MELARA: Are you sure?
CERSEI: Yes.
MELARA: We shouldn’t go in.
CERSEI: Of course we should.
INT. MAGGY’S HUT
A fire is burning and various plants are hanging from the ceiling. They hear a shriek then…
MAGGY: Get out. Get out!
MELARA: Let’s go…
CERSEI: No.
MAGGY: Listen to your friend.
CERSEI: They said that you were terrifying. With cat’s teeth and three eyes. You’re not terrifying. You’re boring.
MAGGY: You don’t know what I am.
CERSEI: I know you’re a witch and you can see the future. Tell me mine.
MAGGY: Everybody wants to know their future. Until they know their future.
CERSEI: This is my father’s land. My land. Tell me my future or I’ll have your two boring eyes gouged out of your head.
Maggy chuckles then hands Cersei a knife.
MAGGY: Your blood. Give me a taste.
Cersei cuts her thumb then Maggy grabs her hand to suck her blood.
MAGGY: Three questions you get. You won’t like the answers.
CERSEI: I’ve been promised to the prince. When will we marry?
MAGGY: You’ll never wed the prince. You’ll wed the king.
CERSEI: But I will be queen?
MAGGY: Oh yes, you’ll be queen. For a time. In comes another. Younger, more beautiful, to cast you down and take all you hold dear.
CERSEI: Will the king and I have children?
MAGGY: No. The king will have 20 children, and you will have 3.
CERSEI: That doesn’t make sense.
MAGGY: Gold will be their crowns. Gold their shrouds.
Maggy starts laughing. Cersei’s thumb starts dripping blood.
MELARA: Come on, we have to go. We have to go! Cersei!
Cersei gets out of a cart to a funeral procession outside of the Great Sept of Baelor. She walks to the top of the stairs.
PRIEST: Your grace, we are honored by your presence. The mourners are waiting.
CERSEI: They will keep waiting. I want a moment alone with him.
PRIEST: But your grace, many of these lords and ladies have travelled day and night to be here…
Cersei starts walking away.
PRIEST: From all seven kingdoms…
CERSEI: They will wait.
INT. GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR
Tywin’s body rests with hand-painted stones on top of his eyes. Jaime presides over the body. Cersei walks next to him.
CERSEI: He never wanted you to be a King’s Guard, but here you are, protecting his dead body.
JAIME: What he built. The towers. He built it for us. He meant it for us. They’re going to try to take it away, all of it.
CERSEI: They?
JAIME: All of them out there are enemies. They’re waiting a night to make sure he’s really dead and as soon as they see the stones on his eyes they’ll set to work on tearing us apart.
CERSEI: They had nothing to do with it. The man who murdered our father, he tore us apart, he’s the enemy. I’ve been telling you for years, you’ve been defending him for years…
JAIME: This is exactly what they want.
CERSEI: ...and now our father is dead. And that little monster is out there somewhere drawing breath. Did you set him free?
No response from Jaime.
CERSEI: Tyrion may be a monster but at least he killed our father on purpose. You killed him by mistake. With stupidity. You’re a man of action, aren’t you? When it occurs to you to do something you do it, nevermind the consequences. Take a look. (gestures towards Tywin) Look at the consequences. Here they are. He loved you more than anyone in this world.
Cersei kisses Tywin on the head then leaves.
We see men working with rope, merchants carrying boxes, and trees through a hole in the crate. The crate is set down and opened up. Tyrion comes out with Varys standing over him.
VARYS: Apologies.
TYRION: I still don’t see why I had to stay in this fucking crate once we set sail.
VARYS: I saved your life. If they catch you, they catch me. I cannot say I feel overly guilty about leaving you in that “fucking crate”.
TYRION: Do you know what it’s like to stuff your shit through one of those air holes?
VARYS: No. I only know what it’s like to pick up your shit and throw it overboard.
Tyrion looks around.
TYRION: Pentos?
Varys nods.
VARYS: The home of my colleague. Ilyrio Mopatis. A merchant. He and I met many years ago, through mutual friends. A group of people who saw Robert Baratheon for the disaster he was. We tried to do what was best for the realm by supporting the Targaryen restoration. And thus began the chain of mistakes that has led us both here. Things have gotten worse, not better. Westeros needs to be saved from itself.
Tyrion pours himself a cup of wine and drinks it.
TYRION: Much better.
VARYS: My lord?
TYRION: I don’t think I am anymore. A lord. Are you a lord if you kill your father? I don’t suppose they revoke your nobility for killing a whore. That has to be happen all the time.
VARYS: You already drank yourself across the Narrow Sea.
TYRION: In a box. Why stop now?
VARYS: Because we are talking about the future of our country.
Tyrion finishes his wine.
TYRION: The future is shit. Just like the past.
He pukes up his wine and then pours himself another cup.
CUT TO: MEEREEN
The giant bronze Harpy statue is pulled down from the top of the pyramid.
An Unsullied soldier, White Rat, walks up to a prostitute and hands her a coin. She takes him into her room and starts undressing him.
PROSTITUTE: You want the same? Same as always?
She undresses herself
WHITE RAT: You… you don’t have to.
PROSTITUTE: Habit.
She puts her clothes back on and lays down next to him in bed, stroking his head and humming. A knife slits his throat. White Rat looks up and sees a member of the Sons of the Harpy holding the knife
A golden Sons of the Harpy mask rests on the table.
DAENERYS: Sons of the Harpy?
BARRISTAN: Yes, your grace. They left it on the body.
DAENERYS: They’ve never killed before.
BARRISTAN: It was only a matter of time, your grace. Conquerors are always met with resistance.
DAENERYS: I didn’t conquer them. Their own people did.
MOSSADOR: They do not see us as people, Your Grace.
DAENERYS: Then they will have to learn to see things differently, Mossador. He did not risk his life fighting for freedom so cowards in masks could take it away. And I did not take up residence in this pyramid so I could watch the city below decline into chaos. What was the name of the man you lost?
GREY WORM: White Rat, your grace.
DAENERYS: I want him buried with honor. Publicly. In the Temple of the Graces.
BARRISTAN: The Sons of the Harpy will hear that message.
MOSSADOR: Make them very angry.
DAENERYS: Angry snakes lash out. Makes chopping off their heads that much easier. Find the men who did this and bring them to me.
INT. HALLWAY
The Unsullied are putting their armor on. Missandei walks up to Grey Worm.
MISSANDEI: Torgo Nudho.
GREY WORM: Missandei hin Naath.
MISSANDEI: I wanted to speak with you.
The other Unsullied leave the room.
GREY WORM: Why do you come?
MISSANDEI: White Rat, the Unsullied who… I have heard they found his body in a brothel. I have heard that more than one Unsullied has been known to visit Meereen’s brothels. May I ask you why? Why would an Unsullied go to a brothel?
GREY WORM: I do not know. I must go.
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK
Jon Snow is parrying with Olly. Jon puts his sword to Olly’s neck.
JON: Get your shield up.
OLLY: It’s too heavy.
JON: If it wasn’t heavy it wouldn’t stop a sword, now get it up.
Jon knocks Olly into the ground then helps him up.
JON: Come. Try it again. Drive at me. Keep your shield up. Or I’ll ring your head like a bell.
Sam and Gilly are watching them parry from afar.
GILLY: Shouldn’t you be training, too?
SAM: Well, I’m hardly a new recruit. How many brothers can say they’ve killed a white walker and a Thenn? I might be the first in history!
Ser Alliser walks by.
ALLISER: These men need a firm hand. Always have. They’re poachers and thieves.
He gives Sam and Gilly a look.
ALLISER: Not soldiers.
He walks away.
GILLY: That one hates me.
SAM: If Ser Alliser is chosen as the new Lord Commander… he hates the wildlings.
Sam looks at Gilly’s baby.
SAM: All the wildlings.
GILLY: Don’t let them send us away.
SAM: It’s not a sure thing. Ser Denys Mallister has commanded the Shadow Tower for 20 years, and people say he’s a good man. He’s running against Ser Alliser--
GILLY: Sam! Don’t let them send us away.
SAM: I told you. Wherever you go, I go, too.
GILLY: You can’t leave, they’ll execute you.
Cut back to Jon and Olly parrying. Olly is on the offensive.
JON: Good, good, pivot! Don’t forget to pivot! Shield up!
Jon turns and sees Melisandre waiting.
MELISANDRE: The king wants a word.
Jon looks uncomfortably at Melisandre.
JON: You’re not cold, my lady?
MELISANDRE: Never. The Lord’s fire lives within me, Jon Snow.
She takes his hand to her face.
MELISANDRE: Feel.
Jon feels her face.
MELISANDRE: Are you a virgin?
JON: No.
MELISANDRE: Good.
EXT. THE WALL
MELISANDRE: Your grace. The bastard of Winterfell.
Jon bows to Stannis. Stannis motions for him to get up.
STANNIS: You know who rules at Winterfell now?
JON: Roose Bolton.
STANNIS: The traitor who plunged a dagger into Robb Stark’s heart. Don’t you want to avenge him?
JON: I want a great many things, your grace. But I’m a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch now.
DAVOS: I’ve been talking to your sworn brothers. Many of them love you.
JON: They’re good men.
DAVOS: Many don’t. You were seen taking the body of a wildling girl north of the Wall. Why?
JON: It’s where she belonged.
DAVOS: Some of the Night’s Watch feel you have too much affection for the wildlings.
JON: They were born on the wrong side of the wall. That doesn’t make them monsters.
STANNIS: No matter. I shall take back the North from the thieves who stole it. Tywin Lannister is dead. He can’t protect them now. I shall mount Roose Bolton’s head on a spike. But if I’m to take Winterfell I’ll need more men.
JON: The men of the Night’s Watch are sworn to play no part--
STANNIS: I’m not talking about the damn Night’s Watch. I’m talking about the wildlings.
JON: Your grace, you want the wildlings to march in your army?
STANNIS: If they swear to follow me, I’ll pardon them. We’ll take Winterfell. Once the North is won, I’ll declare them citizens of the realm. I’ll give them land to live on.
DAVOS: It’s a fair offer. More than fair.
STANNIS: I’ll offer them their lives and their freedom if Mance kneels before me and swears his loyalty.
JON: I don’t think that’s likely.
STANNIS: You admire him, don’t you?
JON: I respect him.
STANNIS: He likes you. Convince him to bend the knee...
JON: Your grace…
STANNIS: ...or he burns.
JON: How much time do I have?
STANNIS: Nightfall. The sun drops fast this time of year. Hurry, Jon Snow.
CUT TO: THE VALE OF ARRYN
Sansa, Littlefinger, and Yohn Royce are watching Robin parry. He is being beaten badly.
MASTER OF ARMS: Sword up! Attack, my lord! Attack! Don’t cross your feet!
YOHN ROYCE: My sons have had swords in their hands from the time they could walk. This one…
BAELISH: Lord Arryn will never be a great warrior.
ROYCE: Great warrior? He sings a sword like a girl with palsy.
SQUIRE: My lord. (hands Baelish a note)
MASTER OF ARMS (O.S.): Sword up, my lord!
BAELISH: Some boys develop more slowly. He’s still young.
ROYCE: He’s 13. Boys go to war at 13.
BAELISH: He has other gifts.
ROYCE: Does he?
BAELISH: The gift of a great name. Sometimes that’s all one needs.
He offers his hand to Sansa and takes her away from the swordfight. Lord Royce follows.
SANSA: Goodbye Lord Royce, and thank you for all you’ve done for me.
ROYCE: I have done nothing more than my duty, my lady.
BAELISH: I have no doubt that upon my return, Robin’s skills will have improved immeasurably.
ROYCE: He’ll be safe here. As for his skills, I make no promises.
CUT TO: COUNTRYSIDE
Podrick sits down next to Brienne, who is sharpening her sword.
PODRICK: Will we head north at some point? He said Sansa had a brother at Castle Black. We’re a few days ride from the Kingsroad, but that will take us--
BRIENNE: Us? The only reason you’re here is that Jaime Lannister told me you weren’t safe in the capital. You’re hundreds of miles from King’s Landing. No one knows what you look like. No one cares. You’re safe.
PODRICK: But I’m you’re squire.
BRIENNE: Do you even know what a squire is?
PODRICK: An attendant to a knight?
BRIENNE: I’m not a knight. That means you’re not a squire.
PODRICK: Well, where would I go?
BRIENNE: I don’t care, I’m not your mother.
PODRICK: You swore to find the Stark girls.
BRIENNE: I found Arya. She didn’t want my protection.
PODRICK: Sansa still might.
BRIENNE: Will you shut your mouth? I didn’t ask for advice. I don’t want anyone following me. I’m not a leader. All I ever wanted is to fight for a Lord I believed in. The good lords are dead and the rest are monsters.
A horse and carriage rides by.
INT. CARRIAGE
SANSA: You told Lord Royce we were going to the Fingers.
BAELISH: I did.
SANSA: But we’re heading west.
BAELISH: We are.
SANSA: If he wanted to betray us, he already would have.
BAELISH: Lord Royce may be as honorable as he thinks he is, but he’s not alone in that castle. Do you trust all those knights and ladies, stable boys and serving girls?
SANSA: No. Do you trust the carriage driver or the knights escorting us?
Baelish smiles.
BAELISH: No. But I pay them well, and they’ve seen what happens to men who disappoint me.
SANSA: So where are we going? To a land where you trust everyone?
BAELISH: So a land so far from here, even Cersei Lannister can’t get her hands on you.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
Close-up on Cersei drinking wine while Loras talks in the background.
LORAS: It was such a deep, deep shock to us all. Your father was a force to be reckoned with. He truly was. I wouldn’t presume to claim to have known him as such…
Cut to Tommen talking and smiling with Margaery.
LORAS: But just being in his presence was enough to make it so clear just how formidable a person you were dealing with. What a… what a force to be reckoned with.
CERSEI (sighs): Thank you so much for your kind words.
Cersei walks away and heads down the stairs.
GRAND MAESTER PYRCELLE: Deepest condolences, your grace. This tragedy… I never trusted Varys. I often warned…
Cersei walks away from him. A barefooted man in a robe walks up to Cersei.
LANCEL LANNISTER: Your grace.
Cersei inspects him for a moment.
CERSEI: Cousin Lancel. I hardly recognized you.
LANCEL: My deepest sympathies.
KEVAN LANNISTER: I apologize for my son’s appearance.
CERSEI: Uncle, it’s quite alright.
Lancel walks away.
KEVAN: They call themselves sparrows. Bloody fanatics. Religion has its place, of course, but at a certain point… They never would have come to the capital when Tywin was alive.
CERSEI: I’m sure he’ll grow out of it. Whatever it is. Excuse me.
KEVAN: Of course.
Cersei walks away, grabs a glass of wine, and heads to a room alone. Lancel greets her after some time.
CERSEI: Your wounds from the Blackwater seem to have healed.
LANCEL: It wasn’t my wounds that needed healing.
CERSEI: What can I do for you?
LANCEL: You can forgive me.
CERSEI: What could you possibly have done to warrant my forgiveness?
LANCEL: I led you into the darkness.
CERSEI: I doubt you’ve ever led anyone anywhere.
LANCEL: I tempted you into our unnatural relations. And, of course, there was the king. His boar hunt. His wine.
CERSEI: I don’t know what you’re talking about.
LANCEL: I’m a different person now. I found peace in the light of the Seven. You can too. They watch over all of us, ready to dole out mercy… or justice. Their world is at hand. I will pray for your father’s soul.
Cersei laughs.
CERSEI: The day Tywin Lannister’s soul needs your help…
Cersei takes a sip of wine and Lancel walks away.
CUT TO: LORAS’ BEDROOM
Close-up of Loras' birth mark.
OLYVAR: It looks like Dorne.
LORAS: No it doesn’t.
OLYVAR: It does. That’s the Sunspear bit right there. And that’s where the mountains are. And over here is… Sunsnake? Stonespear?
LORAS: Sandstone.
OLYVAR: Yes. Yes, Sandstone. Just there.
LORAS: Fine.
They start kissing.
LORAS: It’s Dorne.
OLYVAR: We should go there. I think we would have a lovely time.
LORAS: Judging by my experience, that would be wonderful. Dorne, Highgarden. Anywhere but here.
They kiss. Margaery walks in.
MARGAERY: We’re late for dinner as it is.
LORAS: You’re very respectful.
MARGAERY: I’m very hungry.
She closes the door.
MARGAERY: What’s your name?
OLYVAR: Olyvar, my lady.
MARGAERY: I’m afraid my brother is keeping the king waiting, Olyvar.
Olyvar kisses Loras then leaves the room.
MARGAERY: Perhaps you might consider being a bit more discreet?
LORAS: Why? They all know about me anyway. Everybody knows everything about everyone. What’s the point in trying to keep a secret in a place like this?
MARGAERY: In any event… (throws Loras his clothes) you shouldn’t keep your intended waiting.
LORAS: My intended? Please. Tywin’s dead. That means no one can force Cersei to marry me.
MARGAERY: Lucky you.
LORAS: Unlucky you.
MARGAERY: You think I want that woman married to my brother?
LORAS: If she doesn’t marry me, she doesn’t go to Highgarden. Which means she stays in King’s Landing. Which means you’re trapped here with Cersei Lannister as your mother-by-law.
MARGAERY: Perhaps.
LORAS: Perhaps?
MARGAERY: Perhaps?
CUT TO: PENTOS
Tyrion is standing on a balcony with a glass of wine. Varys approaches him.
TYRION: Eunuch, the spider, the master of whisperers.
VARYS: Imp, half-man.
Tyrion raises his glass.
VARYS: There are faster ways to kill yourself.
TYRION: Not for a coward.
VARYS: You are many things, my friend, but not a coward.
TYRION: You never told me why you set me free.
VARYS: Your brother asked me to.
TYRION: You could have said no.
VARYS: Refuse the Kingslayer? A dangerous proposition.
TYRION: Not as dangerous as releasing me. You risked your life, your position, everything. Why? You’re not family, you owe me nothing.
VARYS: I didn’t do it for you. I did it for the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: A drunken dwarf will never be the savior of the Seven Kingdoms.
VARYS: I don’t believe in saviors. I believe men of talent have a role to play in the war to come.
TYRION: You’re going to have to find another soldier. I’m done with Westeros and Westeros is done with me.
VARYS: You have many admirable qualities, self-pity is not one of them. Any fool with a bit of luck can find himself born into power. But earning it for yourself, that takes work.
TYRION: I’m not well-suited for work.
VARYS: I think you are. You have your father’s instinct for politics, and you have compassion.
TYRION: Compassion? Yes. I killed my lover with my bare hands. I shot my own father with a crossbow.
VARYS: I never said you were perfect.
TYRION: What is it you want exactly?
VARYS: Peace. Prosperity. A land where the powerful do not prey on the powerless.
TYRION: Where the castles are made of gingerbread and the moats are filled with blackberry wine. The powerful have always preyed on the powerless, that’s how they became powerful in the first place.
VARYS: Perhaps. And perhaps we’ve grown so used to horror we assume there’s no other way. If you sat on the Iron Throne, would you spread misery throughout the land?
TYRION: I will never sit on the Iron Throne.
VARYS: No, you won’t. But you could help another climb those steps and take that seat. The Seven Kingdoms need someone stronger than Tommen, but gentler than Stannis. A monarch who can intimidate the high lord and inspire the people. A ruler loved by millions with a powerful army and the right family name.
TYRION: Good luck finding him.
VARYS: Who said anything about him? You have a choice my friend. You can stay here at Ilyrio’s palace and drink yourself to death, or you can ride with me to Mereen, meet Daenerys Targaryen, and decide if the world is worth fighting for.
TYRION: Can I drink myself to death on the road to Meereen?
CUT TO: MEEREEN
The Unsullied march through the streets.
DAARIO NAHARIS: When did the Unsullied start patrolling the streets of Meereen? Looks like your friends haven’t been behaving themselves.
HIZDAHR ZO LORAQ: The mission to Yunkai was a resounding success. The Wise Masters of Yunkai have agreed to cede power to a council of elders, made up of both the freedmen and the former slaveholders. All matters of consequence will be brought to you for review.
DAENERYS: Good.
HIZDAHR: They did ask for some concessions.
DAENERYS: Concessions?
HIZDAHR: Politics is the art of compromise, your grace.
DAENERYS: I’m not a politician. I’m a queen.
HIZDAHR: Forgive me. You’re right, of course. Still, it’s easier to rule happy subjects than angry ones.
DAENERYS: I don’t expect the Wise Masters to be happy. Slavery made them rich, I ended slavery.
HIZDAHR: They do not ask for the return of slavery. They ask for the re-opening of the fighting pits.
DAENERYS: The fighting pits? Where slaves fought slaves to the death?
HIZDAHR: In the new world that you’ve brought to us, free men would fight free men.
Daario takes out his sword and smiles at Daenerys.
HIZDAHR: The pitfighters that you liberated plead for this opportunity. Bring some here and ask them yourself.
DAENERYS: No fighting pits.
HIZDAHR: Opening them would show the people of Yunkai and Meereen that you respect their traditions.
DAENERYS: I do not respect the tradition of human cockfighting.
HIZDAHR: If you--
DAENERYS: How many times must I say no before you understand?
DAENERYS: Whatever he wants from me he’s not going to get it. If he really believes I’m going to reopen the fighting pits…
DAARIO: You should reopen the fighting pits.
DAENERYS: What?
DAARIO: My mother was a whore, I told you that. She liked to drink pear brandy. The older she got, the less she made selling her body, the more she wanted to drink. So one day when I was 12, she sold me to a slaver she fucked the night before.
DAENERYS: Why?
DAARIO: I was a bad child. I wasn’t big, but I was quick. And I loved to fight. So they sold me to a man in Tolos who trained fighters for the pits. I had my first match when I was 16.
DAENERYS: You were sold into slavery, forced to fight to the death for the amusement of the masters, and you’re defending the fighting pits?
DAARIO: I’m only here because of those pits. I learned to fight like a Dothraki screamer, a Norvoshi priest, a Westerosi knight. Soon I was famous. 10,000 men and women screamed my name when I stepped into the pit. I made so much money for my master he set me free when I died. I joined the Second Sons, and then I met you.
A long pause.
DAARIO: You’re the queen. Everyone’s too afraid of you to speak truth. Everyone but me. You’ve made thousands of enemies all across the world. As soon as they see weakness, they’ll attack. Show your strength here, now.
DAENERYS: That’s why I have the Unsullied patrolling the streets.
DAARIO (scoffs): Anyone with a chest full of gold can buy an army of Unsullied. You’re not the Mother of Unsullied. You’re the Mother of Dragons.
DAENERYS: I don’t want another child’s bones dropped at my feet. No one’s seen Drogon in weeks. For all I know he’s flown halfway across the world. I can’t control them anymore.
DAARIO: A dragon queen with no dragons is not a queen.
INT. DRAGON PIT
Daenerys walks into the room the dragons are being held. She hears chains rattling.
DAENERYS: Viserion? Rhaegal?
The two fully grown dragons start snapping, screaming, and breathing fire at her.
DAENERYS: Easy. Easy. Easy.
They keep breathing fire and roaring so she leaves the room, terrified.
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK
Members of the Night’s Watch are constructing a funeral pyre.
INT. MANCE’S CELL
Jon Snow enters the room.
MANCE: So here we are.
JON: Here we are.
MANCE: When we first met you were my prisoner. And now, for our last meeting…
JON: This doesn’t have to be our last meeting.
MANCE: No, but it will be.
JON: You know what Stannis wants?
MANCE: He wants me to bend the knee. And he wants the free folk to fight for him. I’ll give him this much: he’s bold.
JON: Shouldn’t a king be bold?
MANCE: Oh, aye. I respect him. If he gets what he wants, I expect he’ll be a better ruler than the fools sitting on the Iron Throne the last hundred years. But I’ll never serve him.
JON: You told me you weren’t here to conquer. You told me your people have bled enough.
MANCE: That’s right. But I don’t want them bleeding for Stannis Baratheon either.
JON: You spent your life convincing 90 clans to come together for the first time in history. Thenns and Hornfoots, the ice-river clans, even the giants. A life’s work uniting them. You didn’t do it for power. You didn’t do it for glory. You brought them together to save them because none of them will survive the winter, not if they’re north of the wall. Isn’t their survival more important than your pride?
MANCE: Pride? Fuck my pride. This isn’t about that.
JON: Then bend the knee and save your people.
MANCE: They followed me because they respected me. Because they believed in me. The moment I kneel for a Southern king that’s all gone.
JON: And how many tens of thousands are out there right now? How many women? How many children? And you won’t go out and rescue them because why? You’re afraid of looking afraid.
MANCE: Oh, I am afraid. No shame in that. How will they do it? Beheading? Hanging?
JON: They’ll burn you alive.
MANCE: Bad way to go. I’ll be honest with you, I don’t want to die. And burnt to death, I don’t want people to remember me like that. Scorched and screaming. But it’s better than betraying everything I believe.
JON: And what happens to your people? You preserve your dignity and die standing, and they’ll sing songs about you. “You’d rather burn than kneel. The great hero.” Until winter comes, and the white walkers come for us all, and there’s no one left to sing.
MANCE: You’re a good lad. Truly, you are. But if you can’t understand why I won’t enlist my people in a foreigner’s war, there’s no point explaining.
Jon walks to the door, then turns around.
JON: I think you’re making a terrible mistake.
MANCE: The freedom to make my own mistakes was all I ever wanted.
Jon nods then leaves the room.
Members of the Night’s Watch escort Mance to Stannis.
STANNIS: Mance Rayder, you’ve been called the King Beyond the Wall. Westeros only has one king. Bend the knee, I promise you mercy.
Mance looks at the Free Folk, including Tormund, the Night’s Watch have chained up. Then he looks at Jon Snow.
STANNIS: Kneel and live.
MANCE: This was my home for many years. I wish you good fortune in the wars to come.
Stannis nods. His men take Mance onto the burning funeral pyre and tie him to it. Melisandre walks to the front of the pyre.
MELISANDRE: Man or woman, young or old, lord or peasant, our choices are the same. We choose light, or we choose darkness. We choose good, or we choose evil. We choose the true god or the false.
She picks up a torch.
MELISANDRE: Free folk, there is only one true king, and his name is Stannis. Here stands the king of lies. Behold the fate of those who choose the darkness.
She lights the pyre. Mance starts panicking as the fire reaches his legs. Jon Snow walks up to a high point and shoots Mance in the heart with an arrow, killing him.
BRAAVOSI MAN: In the old times, whenever Braavos stood in danger, the titan would step with fire in his eyes. He'd wade into the sea and smash the enemies.
ARYA: He's just a statue.
A horn blows as they approach the statue. Arya clutches her chest and the man laughs.
MAN: Don't be afraid. He’s announcing our arrival.
ARYA: I'm not afraid.
Boat goes under statue
Arya and the man are in a row boat. The man rows them to shore as they pass various street merchants. The man rows past them and The House of Black and White comes into view.
MAN: The House of Black and White: this is where you'll find the man you seek.
They arrive at The House of Black and White
MAN: Here, I leave you.
He helps Arya get off the boat and onto the dock.
ARYA: Thank you for bringing me.
MAN: Any man of Braavos would have done the same. Valar morghulis.
ARYA: Valar dohaeris.
Arya knocks on the door, twice; the door opens while knocking the second time. An old man enters
ARYA: Hello. Valar Morghulis.
The old man continues to stare; Arya takes out the coin.
ARYA: Jaqen H’ghar gave me this.
OLD MAN: No one here by that name.
The old man is about to close the door before Arya interrupts.
ARYA: Please. I crossed the Narrow Sea. I have nowhere else to go.
OLD MAN: You have everywhere else to go.
ARYA: But wait!
The Old Man shuts the door abruptly; Arya turns around and sits on the top step
ARYA: Cersei, Walder Frey, The Mountain, Meryn Trant. Cersei, Walder Frey, The Mountain, Meryn Trant.
Arya repeats the four names until the break of dawn as rain pours outside.
ARYA: ...The Mountain, Meryn Trant.
Arya gets up and throws the coin into the sea
Brienne rides into the stable outside the inn on horseback, with Podrick walking next to her.
PODRICK: Must be good food if it’s crowded.
Podrick and Brienne are seated at a table. A waitress approaches.
WAITRESS: Ale? (pours ale and leaves table; goes to another table) Ale?
Cut to another table in the inn: Sansa and Littlefinger's
SANSA: Before we left, a maester gave you a raven scroll.
BAELISH: You are becoming an observant young lady.
SANSA: My mother used to say, "dark wings, dark words".
BAELISH: An old saying. Inaccurate in this case.
SANSA: So it was good news.?
BAELISH: My marriage proposal has been accepted.
SANSA: I thought you still mourn the death of my beloved Aunt Lysa.
WAITRESS: Ale?
SANSA: I'll have some.
Back to Podrick and Brienne
PODRICK: My lady!
BRIENNE: What is it?
PODRICK: Sansa Stark. (Brienne begins to turn around) Don't look!
BRIENNE: You sure?
PODRICK: She's dyed her hair, but it's her. She's sitting with Petyr Baelish.
BRIENNE: Littlefinger?
PODRICK: A bunch of knights with him.
BRIENNE Bunch? What's a bunch? 100? 6? 20?
PODRICK: 10, I think. Too many. My lady, I don't think this is the right--
BRIENNE: Ready the horses.
PODRICK: We only have one horse.
BRIENNE: Find more.
Podrick gets up and leaves
BAELISH: Do you like the taste?
SANSA: I don't see what all the fuss is about. Why do men love it so much?
BAELISH: It gives some men courage.
SANSA: Does it give you courage?
Brienne shows up and Baelish's knights get in her way
GUARD: That's far enough.
BRIENNE: Lord Baelish, Lady Sansa, my name is Brienne of Tarth.
BAELISH: We've met. With Renly Baratheon. What did he say about you? He said, "You're a loyalty comes free of charge." Someone appears to have paid quite a bit for it since then.
Baelish gestures to the knights to welcome her; Brienne goes through and takes a knee in front of Sansa
BRIENNE: Lady Sansa, before your mother's death, I was her sworn sword. I gave my word I would find you and protect you. I will shield your back and keep your council, and give my life for yours if need be. I swear it by the old gods and the new.
BAELISH: Please, Lady Brienne. No need for such formality. (Brienne gets up) You are Catelyn Stark's sworn sword?
BRIENNE: I was.
BAELISH: Strange. I knew Cat from the time we were children. She never mentioned you.
BRIENNE: It was after Renly's murder.
BAELISH: Ah, yes. You were accused of killing him.
BRIENNE: I tried to save him.
BAELISH: But you were accused.
BRIENNE: By men who didn't see what happened.
BAELISH: Then what did happen?
BRIENNE: He was murdered by a shadow. A shadow with a face of Stannis Baratheon.
BAELISH: A shadow? With a face? (scoffs) This woman swore to protect Renly; she failed. She swore to protect your mother; she failed. Why would I want somebody with your history of failure guiding Lady Sansa?
BRIENNE: Why should you have any say in her affairs?
BAELISH: Because I am her uncle. I married her Aunt Lysa shortly before my beloved’s untimely death. We're family now, and you're an outsider. Forgive me, Lady Brienne, but experiences made me wary of outsiders.
BRIENNE: Lady Sansa, if we can have a word alone--
SANSA: No.
BRIENNE: Please, my lady. If I could explain--
SANSA: I saw you at Joffrey's wedding bowing to the king.
BRIENNE: Neither of us wanted to be there. Sometimes we don't have a choice.
SANSA: And sometimes we do. You should leave.
BAELISH: We don't want our new friend wandering the countryside alone. The roads of these parts aren't safe. Why don't you stay?
Brienne walks away
KNIGHT 1: He asked you to stay.
Brienne elbows him in the face after Knight 1 and Knight 2 attempt to get in her way. Brienne rushes out of the inn to the stables. She frees some horses then rides away with Podrick.
GUARD: After her!
The knights chase after Brienne and Podrick. Podrick and Brienne separate.
BRIENNE: Podrick! (Podrick screams as he loses control of the horse)
Podrick gets away from the knights and stops at a river
PODRICK: Stop, stop, stop! (Horse stops) That’s a good boy.
Podrick turnsthe horse around and he loses control again, only this time he falls off the horse. He tries to run after it, but stops.
Enter knight, who sees Podrick. Podrick sees him and throws a rock at him and misses.
KNIGHT: I guess that means you’re unarmed.
Knight pulls out his sword and races towards Podrick.
BRIENNE: Down, Podrick, down!
Podrick gets down. Brienne slices the knight off his horse before he can get to Podrick. Another knight on a horse rushes towards her, and she stabs him in the neck.
BRIENNE: Podrick?
PODRICK: Yes, my lady?
BRIENNE: You can stand now.
PODRICK: Yes, my lady. (stands) Sansa Stark?
BRIENNE: Wary of strangers, as she should me. I saw her riding on the East Trail with Littlefinger. We’ll follow them.
PODRICK: My lady, if those Stark girls refused your service, maybe you’re released from your vow.
BRIENNE: I swore to their mother I’d protect those girls.
PODRICK: If they don’t want your protection--
BRIENNE: Do you think she’s safe from Littlefinger?
PODRICK: (pause) No, my lady.
BRIENNE: Get your horse.
JAIME: A summons from the queen.
Cersei looks farefully at a box on her desk. Jaime opens it, and a viper with a necklace in its mouth comes out. Jaime inspects the necklace; it has the Lannister lion on it.
CERSEI: There are only two like it in the world: the one I’m wearing and the one I gave to Myrcella.
JAIME: It’s a threat.
CERSEI: Of course it’s a threat! Our daughter’s in Dorne surrounded by people who hate our family. (mocking) "It's a threat."
JAIME: No note.
CERSEI: They blame us for the death of Oberyn and his sister, and every other tragedy that’s befallen their cursed country. I will burn their cities to the ground if they touch her!
JAIME: Softer.
CERSEI: What?
JAIME: Not so loud.
CERSEI: Our daughter’s in danger, and you’re worried I’m speaking too loudly!
JAIME: The world can't know knows she’s our daughter.
CERSEI: Then don’t call her your daughter. You’ve never been a father to her.
JAIME: If I was the father to any of my children, they’d be stoned in the streets.
CERSEI: And what has your caution brought? Our eldest child murdered at his own wedding. Our only daughter shipped off to Dorne. Our baby boy sent to marry that smirking whore from Highgarden.
JAIME: I’ll make things better.
CERSEI: You never made anything better.
JAIME: I’m going to Dorne. I’ll bring our daughter home.
CERSEI: You can’t just ask Prince Doran to give her back! She’s promised his son.
JAIME: I’m not going to ask him anything.
CERSEI: You go there with an army, it’s an act of war.
JAIME: No army. Do you know where they’re keeping her?
CERSEI: Oberyn mentioned the Water Gardens.
JAIME: I’ll find her. Is there anything else, your grace?
CERSEI: (scoffs) You’re going to Dorne? A one-handed man? Alone?
JAIME: I never said I was going alone. (exit Jaime)
Bronn is skipping stones.
LOLLYS STOKEWORTH: No sunflowers. I don't like yellow. Roses are very nice, definitely roses. And music. I adore music. But no flutes, I hate flutes! We can have a harp if you like, but no flutes. Then there's the food. Food is the most important thing, don't you agree? We're going to need pigeon pies. That's what they eat in the capital, don't they?
Bronn has been skipping stones and ignoring her.
LOLLYS: Don't they?
BRONN: Don't who?
LOLLYS: People eat pigeon pie in the capital.
Bronn puts his arm around her.
BRONN: They certainly do, my dear. They certainly do.
Pan up to Castle Stokeworth.
BRONN: It's a fine place, isn't it? A fine place. I never thought I'd end up settling down in a place like this.
LOLLYS: You won't.
BRONN: Pardon?
LOLLYS: We won't get to live at Stokeworth. When Mother dies, my sister gets the castle because she's older.
BRONN: Oh.
LOLLYS: She hates me. She calls me mean names, and sometimes even still she pulls my hair when Mother isn't looking.
BRONN: You know what I think? I think you're a good person. And your sister is a mean person.
LOLLYS: She is.
BRONN: I've been all over the world. And if there's one thing I've learned, it's that meanness comes around. People like your sister, they always get what's coming to them eventually. One way or another.
They stop walking. Bronn looks at someone in the distance.
LOLLYS: Who's that?
Jaime is sitting on a stone wall, waiting for Bronn.
BRONN: Jaime fucking Lannister.
Bronn leaves Lollys and starts walking towards Jaime.
BRONN: Ser Jaime.
JAIME: Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.
BRONN: I was very sorry to hear about your father.
JAIME: Thank you.
BRONN (gestures to Lollys): This is my betrothed, Lollys.
JAIME: A pleasure. (he kisses her hand)
BRONN: Run along, love.
Lollys starts walking back to the Castle.
JAIME: Beautiful bride you've chosen. When were you planning on getting married?
BRONN: Just get on with it.
JAIME: On with what?
BRONN: What you're here for. There's no way this little visit could possibly mean anything good for me.
JAIME: It's very good for you.
Jaime goes into his coat and pulls out a scroll. He hands it to Bronn.
BRONN: Lollys will be marrying Ser Wyllis Bracken.
JAIME: Mmm.
BRONN: We made a deal, your sister and I.
JAIME: I would have advised against that.
BRONN: How is this good for me?
JAIME: 'Cause you're going to come with me and help me with something important. And when we return, I'm going to give you a much better girl, and a much better castle.
BRONN: Return from where?
JAIME: As far south as south goes.
Ellaria coils her first in rage. A bracelet with a viper's mouth coils around her hand. The camera pans up to reveal she is still in mourning clothes.
TRYSTANE (O.S.): My future queen.
Ellaria glowers from the balcony at Trystane Martell escorting Myrcella through the Water Gardens. Trystane looks up and sees her. Ellaria walks towards Doran's place on the balcony and is blocked by Areo Hotah.
AREO: The prince does not wish to be disturbed.
ELLARIA: Remove myself from my path, or I'll take that long axe and shove it--
DORAN: Captain. Let her pass.
Areo reluctantly steps to the side. Ellaria approaches Prince Doran, staring at the Water Gardens from his wheelchair.
ELLARIA: Your brother was murdered, and you sit here at the Water Gardens, staring at the sky and doing nothing.
DORAN: Oberyn was slain during a trial by combat. By law, that is not murder.
ELLARIA: Your brother--
DORAN: You don't have to remind me. He was my brother long before he was anything to you.
ELLARIA: What will you do about his death.
DORAN: I will bury him. I will mourn for him.
ELLARIA: You would have me go to war?
DORAN: You would have me go to war?
ELLARIA: The whole country would have you go to war.
DORAN: Then we are lucky the whole country does not decide.
ELLARIA: The Sand Snakes are with me. They have the love of their people. They will avenge your father while you sit here in your chair doing nothing.
Doran says nothing. Cut back to Trystane and Myrcella in the Water Gardens.
ELLARIA: Oberyn is dead. And this Lannister girl skips about the Water Gardens eating our food, breathing our air. How many of your brothers and sisters do they have to kill?
Let me have her. Let me send her to Cersei one finger at a time.
DORAN: I loved my brother. And you made him very happy. For that you will always have a place in my heart. But we do not mutilate little girls for vengeance. Not here. Not while I rule.
ELLARIA: And how long will that be?
Ellaria exits the room. Areo goes back to guarding the door. Doran shakes his head.
The Unsullied march through the street.
DAARIO (O.S.): The Unsullied are too conspicuous.
Daario and Grey Worm are walking through an alley together.
DAARIO: Anyone can see you coming from a mile off. Of course you haven't found any Sons of the Harpy. You haven't, have you?
Grey Worm grunts a "no".
DAARIO: My Second Sons, on the other hand, they drink, they whore, fight in the streets--they blend in. They overhear things in taverns, follow people from the taverns to nice, quiet alleys, break a few fingers, overhear a few more things. Before you know it...
Daario has brought them to a door. Grey Worm knocks it in and rushes the room. He, Daario, and an Unsullied inspect the room quietly.
GREY WORM: No one here. We go.
DAARIO: In a hurry? You're afraid?
GREY WORM: Unsullied fear nothing.
DAARIO: Right. That's your problem. You understood fear once, long ago, but you've forgotten what it means. Someone who's forgotten fear has forgotten how to hide.
Daario quickly pulls a dagger out, and stabs into a wall covered by a bookcase that immediately gives way. A man screams and falls out of the wall.
DAARIO: Fear is useful that way.
He pats Grey Worm on the shoulder. The Unsullied soldier grabs the man. Grey Worm searches the hiding place and finds daggers laying on the ground with a Sons of the Harpy mask.
MOSSADOR: Sons of the Harpy, they want to put a collar back on my neck. On all of our necks. Please, Your Grace, you must kill him.
DAENERYS: It would send a message.
BARRISTAN: I think you should exercise restraint, Your Grace.
DAENERYS: Why?
BARRISTAN: For one thing, he may have valuable information.
DAARIO: The Son of the Harpy has no more valuable information.
BARRISTAN: How do you know that?
DAARIO: Because I questioned him.
HIZDAHR: And the information you did get, he is young and poor.
MOSSADOR: He is born free.
HIZDAHR: Why should he want to bring back slavery? What did it do for him?
DAENERYS: Perhaps the only thing that gave him pride was knowing that there was someone lower than he was.
MOSSADOR: They pay him. Great families afraid to do a thing. They pay poor man to do it for them.
HIZDAHR: And how do you know this?
MOSSADOR: Everyone knows this.
HIZDAHR: I don't know it, and I'm the head of a great family.
BARRISTAN: We do not know what this man did or didn't do. (to Daenerys) Give him a trial, at least. A fair trial. Show all of the citizens of Meereen that you are better than those who would depose. Teach them a better way.
MOSSADOR: I do not know the place from where Old Ser comes. Things maybe are different there, I hope. But here, in Meereen, before Daenerys Stormborn, they own us. So we learn much about them or we do not live long. They teach me what they are. Mercy, fair trial: these mean nothing to them. All they understand is blood!
They all look to Daenerys.
DAENERYS: Thank you all for your counsel.
Everyone gets up from the table and exits the room besides Ser Barristan.
BARRISTAN: Your Grace, a word, please, I beg you.
DAENERYS: About what?
BARRISTAN: About your father. About the Mad King.
DAENERYS: The Mad King? You're here to remind me of my enemies' lies? Consider me reminded.
BARRISTAN: Your Grace, I served in his Kingsguard. I was at his side from the first.  Your enemies did not lie.
DAENERYS: Go on.
BARRISTAN: When the people rose in revolt against him, your father set their towns and castles aflame. He murdered sons in front of their fathers. He burned men alive with Wildfire, and laughed as they screamed. And his efforts to stamp out dissent led to rebellion that killed every Targaryen except two.
DAENERYS: I'm not my father.
BARRISTAN: No, Your Grace. Thank the gods. But the Mad King gave his enemies the justice he thought they deserved. And each time it made him feel powerful and right. Until the very end.
DAENERYS: I will not have the Son of the Harpy executed without a fair trial.
BARRISTAN (nods): Your Grace.
TYRION: There's a bug.
VARYS: Yes, best be careful. You might accidentally consume some solid food.
TYRION: When I agreed to come with you, did I misrepresent my intentions? (finishes his cup of wine) Besides, what is there for me to do inside this fucking box?
VARYS: You don't like it?
TYRION: I want to take a walk.
VARYS: You can't. Cersei has offered a lordship to the man who brings her your head.
TYRION: She ought to offer her cunt. Best part of her for the best part of me. Well, I suppose a box is as good a place for me as anywhere.
VARYS: Are we really going to spend the entire road to Volantis talking about the futility of everything?
TYRION: You're right. No point. (realizing) The road to Volantis? You said we were going to Meereen. What's in Volantis?
VARYS: The road to Meereen.
TYRION: And what do you hope to find at the end of the road to Meereen?
VARYS: I told you. A ruler.
TYRION: We've already got a ruler. Everywhere has already got a ruler. Every pile of shit on the side of every road has someone's banner hanging from it.
VARYS: You were quite good, you know. At ruling. During your brief tenure as Hand.
TYRION: I didn't rule. I was a servant.
VARYS: Still, a man of talent.
TYRION: Managed to kill a lot of people.
VARYS: Yes, but showed great promise in other areas as well.
TYRION: She wanted me to leave King's Landing. She begged me. I wouldn't go.
VARYS: Why?
TYRION: 'Cause I liked it. Power. Even as a servant. (takes a drink of wine)
VARYS: People follow leaders. And they will never follow us. They find us repulsive.
TYRION: I find us repulsive.
VARYS: And we find them repulsive, which is why we surround ourselves with large, comfortable boxes to keep them away. And yet, no matter what we do, people like you and me are never really satisfied inside the box. Not for long.
TYRION: You're right. Let's go for a walk.
VARYS: No.
TYRION: How many dwarves are there in the world? Is Cersei going to kill them all?
A dwarf head is placed on her desk.
CERSEI: Not him.
MERYN: Are you trying to deceive your Queen? Shall I throw them in a cell, Your Grace?
CERSEI: That won't be necessary, Ser Meryn. I don't want to dissuade the other hunters. Mistakes will be made.
HUNTERS: Thank you, Your Grace. Thank you.
CERSEI: Take the head.
QYBURN: Pardon me, Your Grace. I would take it, if you don't mind. It could prove useful for my work.
CERSEI: Very good.
She and Qyburn exit the room.
QYBURN: Over there will be fine.
MERYN (to hunters): You heard the man. Over there.
The hunters pick up the dwarf head.
Cersei and Qyburn enter the room, taking the open seats on the small council. Cersei sits at the head of the table.
KEVAN: You're the Hand of the King?
CERSEI: No, Uncle. Clearly it would not be appropriate for a woman to assume that role. I'm merely advising my son until he comes of age and chooses a Hand for himself.
MACE TYRELL: Your Grace, I would be willing to serve provisionally as the King's Hand until he becomes old enough--
CERSEI: You're a good man, Lord Tyrell, but I don't imagine you'll have the time. In addition to being Master of Ships, the king has appointed you Master of Coin.
MACE: Oh, Your Grace.
CERSEI: He called your experience and wisdom in financial matters unparalleled. He said he would be honored to have you represent the crown's interests in the same.
MACE: The honor is all mine, Your Grace.
PYCELLE: Your Grace, in the past on several occasions, a Grand Maester has served as the King's Hand.
CERSEI: The King has named Qyburn the new Master of Whisperers.
PYCELLE: Your Grace, him? This man? This embarrassment to the Citadel? Your Grace, what qualifications can he possibly have for this post?
CERSEI: The qualification of loyalty, Grand Maester. That's far more than the eunuch ever had. Far more than many ever have.
PYCELLE: I must say I cannot see--
CERSEI (cutting him off): Uncle Kevan, in light of your position as commander of the Lannister armies, it would please the king if you would serve as his Master of War. No man living better deserves the title.
KEVAN: That is kind of you to say. I would like to hear it from the king himself.
CERSEI: The king is very busy at this moment.
KEVAN: He should be here, learning what it means to rule.
CERSEI: He is learning. On this occasion, in his capacity as ruler, he's asked me to speak on his behalf.
KEVAN: I returned to the capital to pay my respects to my brother. And to you. And to serve the king. I did not return to the capital to serve as your puppet. To watch you stack the small council with sycophants. (looks to Qyburn) Sending your own brother away so he wouldn't be--
CERSEI: My brother has left the capital to lead a sensitive diplomatic mission.
KEVAN: What mission?
CERSEI: That is not your concern as Master of War.
KEVAN: I do not recognize your authority to dictate what is and is not my concern. You are the Queen Mother. Nothing more.
Kevan gets up from his seat.
CERSEI: You would abandon your king in his time of need?
KEVAN: If he wants to send for me, I will be waiting for him. At Casterly Rock.
He exits the room and closes the door.
Shireen runs her finger over the letter "S" in her book.
SHIREEN: Come on. You know this one. It looks like an animal.
GILLY: Snake. Snake... S! It's an S!
SHIREEN: Right, very good!
Sam is reading in a different aisle in the library.
SAM: Hmm! Did you know that the youngest Lord Commander in history, Osric Stark, was elected at the age of 10?
Gilly and Shireen look to him and then back at their book.
GILLY: I know "S".
SHIREEN: You'll learn, I promise. I taught Ser Davos, and old people are terrible at learning new things.
GILLY: Well, you're a wonderful teacher. (to Sam) Very patient!
SAM: I only said that the more time you spend practicing, the faster you'll be able to read.
GILLY: That's alright. We're doing just fine. I'm sure you and Ostrich Stark have a lot to talk about.
Sam goes back to his book.
GILLY (to Shireen): How old were you when you learned to read?
SHIREEN: Three.
SAM (interjecting): Three?! Who taught you, your mother?
SHIREEN: No. Old Maester Cressen did. I had a lot of time to practice. My mother kept me inside because... (trails off)
GILLY (gently): What do you call it in the South, what happened to your face?
SHIREEN: Greyscale. What do you call it north of the Wall?
GILLY: I don't know. But two of my sisters had it. They both died. How did they cure you?
SHIREEN: I don't remember. I was a baby. Lots of people came and tried, I think. Whatever they did, it went away. What happened to your sisters?
GILLY: My father made them move out of the keep into the huts outside. None of us were allowed to go near them. But we heard them. Especially at night. They started to sound... not like themselves.
SAM: Did you ever see them?
GILLY: Only once at the end. They were covered with it. Their faces, their arms. They acted like animals. My father had to drag them out to the woods on a rope.
SHIREEN: What did he do to them in the woods?
Gilly is afraid to answer. Selyse enters the room before she can.
SHIREEN: Mother.
SELYSE (to Sam and Gilly): Leave us.
SAM (nodding): Your Grace.
Sam and Gilly exit the room.
SELYSE: You need to stay away from that girl.
SHIREEN: Why?
SELYSE: She's a wildling.
SHIREEN: Her name's Gilly. She's nice. I'm teaching her to read.
SELYSE: She's a wildling. Your father defeated their people. He executed her king for treason. They could strike at him by striking at you.
SHIREEN: Gilly wouldn't do that.
SELYSE: You have no idea what people will do. All your books and you still don't know.
Selyse exits the library.
STANNIS: I ordered Mance Rayder burnt at the stake. You prevented that order from being carried out. You showed mercy to Mance Rayder. A king's word is law. Perhaps you should ask Ser Davos how much mercy I show to lawbreakers. Show too much kindness, people won't fear you. If people don't fear you, they don't follow you.
JON: With respect, Your Grace, the free folk will never follow you, no matter what you do. You're the man who burned their king alive.
STANNIS: Who then? You?
JON: No. Only one of their own.
STANNIS: Do you know this wretched girl Lyanna Mormont?
JON: The Lord Commander's niece.
STANNIS: Lady of Bear Island, and a child of 10. I asked her to commit her house to my cause, that's her response.
JON: "Bear Island knows no king but the King in the North, whose name is Stark." (Jon smiles)
STANNIS: That amuses you?
JON: I apologize, Your Grace. Northerners can be a bit like the free folk. Loyal to their own.
DAVOS: Tonight, the Night's Watch elect a new Lord Commander. Ser Alliser Thorne is going to win.
JON: Most likely.
DAVOS: Unpleasant man. He thinks you're a traitor. What's your life going to be like on the Wall with Thorne in command?
JON: Unpleasant, I expect.
STANNIS: Your bravery made him look weak. He'll punish you for it. I don't punish men for bravery. I reward them.
JON: I don't doubt it, Your Grace. But I'm a brother of the Night's Watch. I've pledged them my life, my honor, my sword. I don't know what I have left to give you.
STANNIS: You can give me the North.
JON: I can't. Even if I wanted to, I'm a bastard. A Snow.
STANNIS: Kneel before me. Lay your sword at my feet. Pledge me your service and you'll rise again as Jon Stark, Lord of Winterfell.
Jon stares at Stannis deeply without saying a word.
SAM: He'll make you a Stark with the stroke of a pen?
JON: It's the first thing I ever remember wanting. I'd daydream that my father would ask the king, and just like that I would never be the bastard of Winterfell again.
SAM: You deserve this. You do. I couldn't be happier for you.
JON: I'm going to refuse him.
SAM (confused): But you'd be Lord of Winterfell.
JON: I swore a vow to the Night's Watch. If I don't take my own word seriously, what sort of Lord of Winterfell would I be?
Jon walks away from Sam and takes a seat.
ALLISER (O.S.): Crowded. You'd think we were serving venison stew.
Maester Aemon rises slowly from the table at the front.
AEMON: Does anyone wish to speak for candidates before we cast our tokens for the 998th Lord Commander of the Night's Watch?
Janos Slynt stands up.
JANOS: Ser Alliser Thorne is not just a knight, he's a man of true nobility. He was acting commander when the Wall came under attack, and led us to victory against the wildlings.
MEN: Hear, hear.
JANOS: He's a veteran of 100 battles and has been a defender of the Watch and the Wall almost all of his life. He's the only true choice.
Alliser smiles. Men cheer and beat on the tables.
AEMON: Is there anyone else?
SHADOW TOWER BROTHER: Ser Denys Mallister joined the Watch as a boy and has served loyally longer than any other ranger. Through 10 winters he served. As commander of the Shadow Tower, he kept the wildlings away. We could do no better.
Men, including Jon, bang their cups on the table, but the reaction is much weaker.
AEMON: If there's no one else, we will begin the voting. The triangular tokens count for Ser Alliser Thorne. The square tokens for Ser Denys Mallister. Each brother will--
SAM: Maester Aemon.
Every Brother, including Jon, look to Sam at the back of the room in shock.
AEMON: Samwell Tarly. Go on.
Jon shakes his head "no" at Sam.
JANOS (O.S.): Sam the Slayer.
The whole room laughs.
JANOS: Another wildling lover just like his friend Jon Snow. How's your lady love Slayer?
More laughs.
SAM: Her name is Gilly. Brother Slynt knows her quite well. They cowered together in the larder during the battle for the Wall.
The men start laughing at Janos now.
JANOS: Lies!
SAM: A wildling girl, a baby, and Lord Janos. I found him there when the battle was over in a puddle of his own making.
Stronger laughter. Maester Aemon cracks a smile.
SAM: Whilst Lord Janos was hiding with the women and children, Jon Snow was leading.
The men go quiet.
SAM: Ser Alliser fought bravely, it is true. And when he was wounded, it is Jon who saved us. He took charge of the wall's defense. He killed the Magnar of the Thenns. (a man next to Sam nods) He went North to deal with Mance Rayder, knowing it almost certainly meant his own death. Before that, he led the mission to avenge Lord Commander Mormont. Mormont himself chose Jon to be his steward. He saw something in Jon, and now we've all seen it, too. He may be young, but he's the commander we turned to when the night was darkest.
The men give Jon a strong cheer.
ALLISER: I can't argue with any of that. (stands up) But who does Jon Snow want to command? Night's Watch or the wildlings? Everyone knows he loved a wildling girl and spoke with Mance Rayder many times. What would have happened in that tent between those two old friends if Stannis's army hadn't come along? We all saw him put the King-beyond-the-Wall out of his misery. Do you want to choose a man who has fought the wildlings all his life, or a man who makes love to them?
Jon doesn't respond. Maester Aemon rises again.
AEMON: It is time.
Brothers of the Night's Watch walk to the front of the room, placing their tokens into a jar. A brother breaks the jar and counts the tokens. Alliser and Jon have the same amount of tokens.
BROTHER: It appears to be a tie, Maester.
Maester Aemon rises once more, feels each stack of tokens to determine which is which, and casts his own vote for Jon. The men near Alliser look angry. The men grouped around Mallister are content. Everyone else cheers.
BROTHERS: Jon Snow! Jon Snow! Jon Snow! Jon Snow!
Jon rises, sees Alliser glaring at him, and lets out a small smile for the first time since he entered the room.
Arya creeps up on a pigeon in an alleyway and cuts its head off with Needle. She walks down the street with the pigeon in a pouch and Needle dangling from her hip. Three men walk by, see Needle, and approach her.
MAN: You. You!
Arya stops and turns around to face them.
MAN: What have you got there?
Arya doesn't respond.
MAN: I said--
ARYA: Turn around and go. (pulls out Needle) Turn around and go.
Man: That's a nice little sword. Worth 100 pieces, a sword like that. (pulls out his own sword)
ARYA: Nothing's worth anything to dead men.
The man approaches her with his sword, but then sees the Old Man from the House of Black and White walking towards the altercation and backs off.
MEN: Quickly, go, go!
They flee. The man looks at Arya then begins walking away.
The Old Man leads Arya back to the doorstep.
ARYA: Who are you? Why were they scared of you?
OLD MAN: You lost this.
He tosses Arya her coin, then reaches to his face, pulls it off, and reveals the face of Jaqen H'ghar
ARYA: You said there was no Jaqen H'ghar here.
JAQEN: There isn't. A man is not Jaqen H'ghar.
He begins to head back inside the House of Black and White.
ARYA: Well who are you then?
He turns back around.
JAQEN: No one. And that is who a girl must become.
Jaqen opens the door and waits for Arya. After a moment, she follows him into the House of Black and White. The door closes behind them.
Mossador is let into the Son of the Harpy's cell. The guards hold him up for Mossador.
HARPY (Valyrian): She doesn't belong here. And no matter how many of your traitors call her "Mhysa", she will never be your mother.
Mossador stares at him.
The Harpy is displayed in the street with his mask on, but the eye holes are cut out. A knife is in his stomach and skull, and "Kill the Masters" is written in blood on the wall next to the body.
DAENERYS: Why?
MOSSADOR (Valyrian): For you, Mhysa. (kneels) You wanted the Harpy dead, but your hands were tied. I set you free, as you did all of us.
DAENERYS: He was our prisoner, awaiting trial. You had no right.
MOSSADOR: He would rather rip your city apart than see slaves lifted from the dirt.
DAENERYS: There are no more slaves. There are no more Masters.
MOSSADOR: Then who lives in the Pyramids? Who wears gold masks and murders your children? (beat) When Grey Worm came to us, I was the first to take up the knife for you. I remember the look on my father's face as I struck down his Master, who had traded his infant son for a dog. My father died in the fighting. If we allow the Sons of the Harpy to return us to chains, he never lived.
DAENERYS: The Harpy's life was not yours to take. Once, the Masters were the law--
MOSADOR: --and now you are the law!
DAENERYS: The law is the law. Take him.
Two Unsullieds carry Mossador out of the room.
The Unsullied escort Daenerys and her small council. A large crowd surrounds them.
CROWD: Mhysa! Myhsa!
They settle in front of the courthouse, surrounded by both former Masters and former slaves. The Unsullied form a ring around her.
HIZDAHR (to Daario): She should have cut off the traitor's head in the Great Pyramid and been done with it.
DAARIO: Which is what I keep telling her to do to you.
The former slaves continues to yell to their Mhysa while the masters leer at her.
DAENERYS (Valyrian, to crowd): You opened your gates to me because I promised you freedom and justice. One cannot exist without the other.
Mossador is carried into the scene by Unsullied and set before Daenerys on his knees.
CROWD (Valyrian): Brother! Brother!
MOSSADOR (Valyrian): Mhysa, please! Forgive me!
DAENERYS (Valyrian): A citizen of Meereen was awaiting trial and this man murdered him. The punishment is death.
CROWD (Valyrian): Mercy! Mercy!
Mossador looks to Daenerys, pleading. She looks to Daario and nods. He takes out his arakh, walks to Mossador, and puts it to his neck. The crowd starts protesting and the Masters look on uncertainly.
MOSSADOR: Mhysa... (prays in Valyrian)
The crowd begs and pleads for mercy. Daenerys stares out to the crowd, then gives a nod to Daario, who swiftly decapitates Mossador.
CROWD: Mhysa...
The crowd goes silent. Suddenly, they start hissing at Daenerys. The Unsullied brace themselves. A former slave throws a rock at a former Master, and the Unsullied attempt to hold back the fight. Barristan and Grey Worm escort Missandei and Daenerys away from the crowd. The Unsullied cover her with their shields.
Former slaves and masters begin killing each other in the streets. Rocks are thrown at the Unsullied shields in attempts to hit Daenerys.
BARRISTAN: I'll stand guard outside your door tonight, Your Grace.
GREY WORM: We all guard tonight.
DAENERYS: Leave me.
Barristan, Daario, Missandei, and Grey Worm leave the room. Daenerys hears a noise coming from outside, and goes out on her balcony to investigate.
When she's out she hears a soft growl, and turns to see Drogon, perched on the top of the pyramid and close to fully grown.
DAENERYS (shocked): Drogon...
He slowly climbs down to her balcony. Daenerys extends her hand. Drogon sniffs it hesitantly, and then takes off into the night, soaring over Meereen.
END EPISODE
TITLE SEQUENCECUT TO: BRAAVOS
INT. THE HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE
Water drips down a statue of a woman with her eyes closed. Two more statues are shown, a lion sitting in a throne, and a rams head. Behind a large heart surrounded by gold flames, a glowing fire can be seen. A statue of a knight is shown, then a statue of a king’s face. A statue of a contorted tree is covered in a hair-like substance. There is a large pit filled with liquid in the center of the room. Arya can be heard, and then seen, sweeping. The waif carries a bucket past her. Sitting on the edge of the pit, Jaqen whisper to a man. Arya looks up and watches as Jaqen scoops up a cup of liquid from the pit, and hands it to the man. The man looks up at Jaqen, and hesitates before taking it.
MAN: Valar morghulis.
JAQEN: Valar dohaeris.
The man drinks the liquid, and watches as he approaches the statue of the woman with her eyes closed. He kneels down in front of it. Arya puts her broom down and approaches Jaqen.
ARYA: I've been sweeping this floor for days.
JAQEN: Good.
ARYA: I didn't come here to sweep floors.
JAQEN: No? Why come, then?
ARYA: You said that I could be your apprentice. You said you'd teach me how to a Faceless Man.
JAQEN: A man teaches a girl. (Stands up). Valar dohaeris. All men must serve. Faceless men, most of all. (Walks away).
ARYA: I want to serve. (Jaqen stops).
JAQEN: A girl wants to serve herself. Here we serve the Many-Faced God, to serve well. A girl must become no-one.
ARYA: Which one is the Many-Faced God? I see the Stranger. I see the Drowned God. I see the Weirwood Face.
JAQEN: There is only one god. A girl knows his name. And all men know his gift.
Jaqen leaves. Arya looks down at the man who had been kneeling. He is lying on his back, dead. Two men come into the room with a stretcher. They places the man’s body on it and begin walking to an open door at the end of the room. The waif walks past Arya.
ARYA: Where are they taking him?
The waif doesn’t respond, but continues walking. Arya turns to watch as the door closes behind the men carrying the stretcher.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
EXT. STREET
Bells are ringing, and people are cheering and shouting. Many are on the sides of the road, waving as a number of carriages are carried past.
BYSTANDERS: Queen Margaery! Queen Margaery! Queen Margaery!
Inside her carriage, Cersei watches the people on the street, a sullen look on her face. She closes her curtains.
INT. GREAT SEPT
MARGAERY & TOMMEN: I am his/hers, and she/he is mine. From this day, until the end of my days.
Tommen and Margaery share a kiss. Cersei watches them from the crowd, emotionless. The newlyweds turn to the crowd, holding hands. Everyone claps. They smile and laugh. Cersei claps as well, and forces herself to smile.
Tommen breathes heavily as he and Margaery finish having sex. She turns onto her side and smiles.
TOMMEN: Did I hurt you?
MARGAERY: No. You were lovely.
TOMMEN: It all happened so fast.
MARGAERY: Yes. (Chuckles).
TOMMEN: I was scared maybe I hurt you, it sounded
MARGAERY: No, no, no. You're very sweet. The sweetest king who ever lived.
TOMMEN: This is what I want to do all day, every day for the rest of my life.
MARGAERY: Wouldn't that be glorious? (They laugh. Tommen leans in to kiss her). Shouldn't we rest a little while? Just to catch our breath, there's no rush, is there?
TOMMEN: Of course not. Are you hungry? Shall I have them bring you some cake or pomegranate juice?
MARGAERY: No, I'm fine. I just want you all to myself. I want to know everything there is to know about King Tommen First of His Name.
TOMMEN: King Tommen. It still sounds strange to me. Does Queen Margaery sound strange to you?
MARGAERY: So strange… Husband.
TOMMEN: Wife. (They laugh). Sometimes it feels odd. I'm the king, I've married the most beautiful woman in the world, (She chuckles), and it's all because my brother died.
MARGAERY: I understand. But it's not your fault, you know that, don't you? You mustn't feel guilty.
TOMMEN: I don't feel guilty. That's what's odd.
Margaery looks at him curiously. He suddenly sits up.
TOMMEN: Do you like to sail?
MARGAERY: (Sits up). I love to sail.
TOMMEN: I do, too.
MARGAERY: I think we're going to be very happy, you and I.
TOMMEN: I do, too.
She kisses him and turns around. She gets up, wrapping a bedsheet around herself as a cover.
MARGAERY: Living in a tower so high, it touches the clouds. Of course my grandmother couldn't wait to go home. The capital is not for everyone, I suppose. Does your mother like it here?
TOMMEN: I don't think so. She told me never to trust anyone in King's Landing.
MARGAERY: It's so wonderful to have her watching over you. A lioness guiding her cub. (Pours them some wine).
TOMMEN: Well, but I'm a man now.
MARGAERY: You are. And the king. (Hands him win). But you'll always be her baby-boy.
TOMMEN: I suppose.
MARGAERY: I adore how she has always been so generous with me, so kind. And the horror she's had to injure. (Sits down and begins to comb her hair). Losing her husband, her eldest child and her father. It's no wonder she's so protective of you. She'll never let you out of her sight.
EXT. CASTLE WALL
Cersei and Tommen walk together, her arm around his. A group of guards walk behind them.
CERSEI: You look very much in love. The first days of marriage are often so blissful. She's certainly very pretty, isn't she? Like a doll, she smiles quite a lot. Do you think she's intelligent? I can't quite tell. Not that it matters.
TOMMEN: Do you ever miss Casterly Rock?
CERSEI: There's nothing for me in Casterly Rock.
TOMMEN: That's where you grew up. (They stop). You always told me that you liked the people there better. You said that King's Landing smelled of horse dung and sour milk.
CERSEI: (Chuckles). Why are we speaking of Casterly Rock?
TOMMEN: The way that you talked about it, I always thought that you missed it. That you... That it was your real home.
CERSEI: This is my real home now. Where my family lives.
TOMMEN: I want you to be happy, mother.
CERSEI: I know that. I know you do, my sweet boy.
TOMMEN: But wouldn't you be happier in Casterly Rock?
INT. ROOM
Cersei approaches a room with two guards. Inside, Margaery is having tea with some of her friends.
MARGAERY: I said, "Darling, surely 4 times is enough, are you trying to set a new record?" (Laugher). And he said, "Well, what is the record? I'm sure we can break it."
Margaery’s friends laugh. As Cersei walks in, they all get up and bow.
MARGAERY: Mother! (Gets up and hugs Cersei). Welcome.
CERSEI: Don't you look lovely. Marriage agrees with you.
MARGAERY: Can we bring you anything to eat or drink? I wish we had some wine for you. It's a bit early in the day for us.
CERSEI: No, no. I, I can't stay. I just wanted to let you know if, there is ever anything I can do for you.
MARGAERY: You are very sweet.
CERSEI: Tommen seems quite taken with his new queen.
MARGAERY: I absolutely adore him. You raised a gallant young man. I'm forever grateful.
CERSEI: Good. Good. I'm glad to hear you're happy.
MARGAERY: Ecstatic. I really am. Exhausted, to be honest, but what can I expect, he is half lion, half stag. (Margaery’s friends laugh).
CERSEI: I'll leave you to it then. (Turns to leave).
MARGAERY: Oh, forgive me, I haven't been at Court for long, I get so confused. What's the proper way to address you now? Queen Mother or Dowager Queen?
CERSEI: There's no need for such formalities.
MARGAERY: In any event, judging from the King's enthusiasm, the Queen Mother will be a Queen Grandmother soon.
CERSEI: Won’t that be a lovely day.
MARGAERY: Can you imagine the celebrations? They'll ring the bells all day and night.
CERSEI: Remember. Anything you need.
Margaery smiles. Cersei leaves. Margaery’s smile fades. It returns when her friends begin laughing, and she turns back around. Cersei walks away with her two guards, still able to hear the laughter.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
EXT. COURTYARD
A horse whinnies. Bolton bannermen ride to the keep. In the keep, a number of workmen are busy building and repairing things. Some men carry some raven cages through the middle of the courtyard. Theon, carrying a dead bird, walks through for a moment. He then comes across some soldiers lifting up some flayed bodies with rope. He becomes very tense and forces himself to keep walking, head down. A raven picks at a body in a cart.
INT. DINING HALL
Roose and Ramsay sit at a table as Theon cuts some food. Ramsay talks with his face stuffed.
ROOSE: We can't hold the North with terror alone.
RAMSAY: You can't hold the North if you let these lesser lords insult us.
ROOSE: I sent you there to collect taxes, not bodies.
RAMSAY: Lord Cerwyn refused to pay. Said the Warden of the North would always be a Stark, and he'd be damned if he kissed a traitor's boot.
Theon holds the food in front of Ramsay. He takes some of it and puts it on his plate.
ROOSE: He left you no choice.
RAMSAY: I flayed him living, along with his wife and brother. Made his son watch.
ROOSE: And?
RAMSAY: The new Lord Cerwyn paid his taxes.
ROOSE: (After a moment). I have something important to tell you. Stop eating and listen.
Ramsay, who had been heavily engrossed in his eating, stops suddenly and looks up. Theon slowly puts down a plate nearby. Ramsay puts down his silverware and sits back, looking at his father.
ROOSE: We don't have enough men to hold the North if the other Houses rise up against us. Do you understand that?
RAMSAY: Our pact with the Lannisters protects -
ROOSE: I had a pact with Tywin Lannister, and Tywin Lannister is dead. The remaining Lannisters are a thousand miles away dealing with that fact. They've never once in the history of the Seven Kingdoms sent their army this far north. If you think they will for us, you're a fool. We become a great house by entering in alliances with other houses, and parleying those alliances into greater power. The best way to forge a lasting alliance isn't by peeling a man's skin off. The best way is marriage. (Stands up). Now that you're a Bolton by royal decree, it's time you married a suitable bride. And as it happens, I found the perfect girl to solidify our hold in the North.
CUT TO: MOAT CAILIN
EXT. NEARBY HILLS
Sansa, Baelish, and a number of knights ride towards Moat Cailin. The party stops. Baelish leads Sansa on foot to a spot where they can easily overlook the keep. The keep is shown, surrounded by swampy riverlands.
SANSA: That's Moat Cailin.
BAELISH: Yes. A bit shabby, isn't it? You've been here before.
SANSA: On our way down to King's Landing, with my father and Arya and… where are you taking me?
BAELISH: Home.
SANSA: The Boltons have Winterfell. (He nods). The marriage proposal, it wasn't for you?
BAELISH: (Shakes his head). No.
SANSA: Roose Bolton murdered my brother. He betrayed my family!
BAELISH: He did.
SANSA: He serves the Lannisters.
BAELISH: For now.
SANSA: I won't go.
BAELISH: Winterfell is your home.
SANSA: Not anymore.
BAELISH: Always. You're a Stark. Dyeing your hair doesn't change that. You're Sansa Stark. The eldest surviving child of Ned and Catelyn Stark. Your place is in the North.
SANSA: I can't marry him. You can't make me. He's a traitor. A murderer.
BAELISH: You're not marrying Roose Bolton. No, you'll be marrying his son and heir, Ramsay. One day he'll be Warden of the North and you will -
SANSA: No!
BAELISH: Sansa -
SANSA: No, you can't make me. I will starve myself. I will die before I have to go there.
BAELISH: (Grabbing her). I won't force you to do anything. Don't you know by now how much I care for you? Say the word and we turn the horses round, but listen to me. Listen. (Quietly). You've been running all your life. Terrible things happened to your family and you weep. You sit alone in a darkened room, mourning their fates. You've been a bystander to tragedy from the day they executed your father. Stop being a bystander, do you hear me? Stop running. There's no justice in the world. Not unless we make it. You loved your family. Avenge them.
He kisses her forehead. He walks back to their horses. After a few moments, she regains her composure and gets on her horse. The party starts moving again. On top of a large hill nearby, Brienne and Podrick watch as the party arrives at the keep.
PODRICK: How do we get through there?
BRIENNE: We don't. We go around. (She turns her horse and begins leaving).
PODRICK: It sets miles out of the way. We'll lose sight of them.
BRIENNE: Doesn't matter. I know where they're going.
EXT. CAMPSITE
Podrick sits scrubbing a boot.
BRIENNE: Aren't you getting a bit old to be a squire? How did you end up squiring for the Imp?
PODRICK: He hates that nickname.
BRIENNE: Well, he's not here to complain about it, is he?
Podrick finishes scrubbing and hands the boot to Brienne. He puts the brush down. Brienne begins putting the boot on.
PODRICK: I squired for a knight name Ser Lorimer during the War of the Five Kings. One night, he had a bit too much to drink. And he was famished, so he borrowed a ham.
BRIENNE: He borrowed it?
PODRICK: He wasn't a thief. He was drunk and hungry and he wasn't thinking. I was drunk too. He gave me half the ham. Next morning, one of the guards saw him passed out, under a wagon, with the ham bone still in his hand. They hanged the man afternoon. They tied the noose for me too, but, Lord Tywin heard my family name was Payne. So he pardoned me, and sent me to King's Landing to squire for his son.
BRIENNE: As punishment. For both of you.
PODRICK: It didn't seem that way. Lord Tyrion was always very good to me.
BRIENNE: (Walks away to get firewood). Yes, all of your lords were very kind to you. All except me. Sorry you have to squire such a nasty person.
PODRICK: I'm not sorry. You're the best fighter I've ever seen. You beat The Hound. I'm proud to be your squire.
BRIENNE: I'm sorry I'm always snapping at you.
PODRICK: If you wouldn't snap at me I wouldn't learn anything.
BRIENNE: You want to be a knight, Pod?
PODRICK: Yes.
BRIENNE: Starting tomorrow, we'll train with the sword twice a day, before we ride in the morning and after we camp for the evening. (Sits down). And I'm going to show you how to ride properly.
PODRICK: Thank you.
BRIENNE: I can't knight you, but I can teach you how to fight.
PODRICK: I suppose that's more important.
Podrick leans over the campfire with some rocks. He strikes them together until he gets a spark, and blows until the fire starts going. He wipes himself off and stands up, walking over to Brienne. He begins taking her armor off.
PODRICK: You weren't a knight, but you were a Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon, weren't you?
BRIENNE: I was.
PODRICK: Lord Tyrion said he was a good man.
BRIENNE: He was.
PODRICK: But how did you end up serving Renly?
BRIENNE: (After a few moments). When I was a girl, my father held a ball. I'm his only living child, so he wants to make a good match for me. He invited dozens of young lords to Tarth. I didn't want to go, but he dragged me to the ballroom. (Pauses). And it was wonderful. None of the boys noticed how mulish and tall I was. The shoved each other, and threatened to duel if they thought it was their turn to dance. And whispered in my ear how they wanted to marry me and take me back to their castles. (Smiles). My father smiled at me and I smiled at him. I'd never been so happy. (Her smile drops). Till I saw a few of the boys sniggering. And then they all started to laugh, they couldn't keep the game going any longer. They were toying with me. ‘Brienne the Beauty’, they called me. Great joke. And I realized I was the ugliest girl alive. A great lumbering beast. I tried to run away, but Renly Baratheon took me in his arms. “Don't let them see your tears,” he told me. “They’re nasty little shits. The nasty little shits aren't worth crying over.” He danced with me and none of the other boys could say a word. And he was the king's brother after all.
PODRICK: But wasn't he... Lord Tyrion said he was...
BRIENNE: Yes, Pod, he liked men, I'm not an idiot. He didn't love me, he didn't want me, he danced with me because he was kind and he wouldn't see me hurt. He saved me from being a joke. From that day until his last day. And I couldn't save him in return. Nothing's more hateful than failing to protect the one you love. One day, I will avenge King Renly.
PODRICK: But you said a shadow murdered him. How do you fight a shadow?
BRIENNE: A shadow with the face of Stannis Baratheon. I know it was Stannis. I know it in my heart. Stannis is a man, not a shadow. And a man can be killed.
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK
INT. LORD COMMANDER’S ROOM
Olly opens the door for Stannis and Davos. Jon sits at his desk.
STANNIS: Lord Commander.
JON: (Stands up). Your Grace.
STANNIS: (To Olly as he closes the door). I'd like to speak alone.
JON: Olly is my steward now, as I was Lord Commander Mormont's. I want him to attend my meetings, to learn from men with experience. One day, he might command.
STANNIS: Very well. (They all sit down). Have you considered my offer?
JON: I have. And I thank you for it. You do me great honor. All my life I wanted to be Jon Stark.
STANNIS: Say the word and you will be.
JON: But I have to refuse you. I'm Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. My place is here.
STANNIS: I'm giving you a chance to avenge your family. To take back the castle where you grew up. To rule the North.
JON: I wish I could fight beside you. Believe me, I do. But I swore a sacred vow at the Godswood. I pledged my life to the Night's Watch.
STANNIS: You're as stubborn as your father. And as honorable.
JON: I can imagine no higher praise.
STANNIS: I didn't mean it as praise. Honor got your father killed. (Stands up). But if your mind’s made up, I won't try to persuade you.
JON: May I ask, Your Grace, how long you plan to stay at Castle Black?
STANNIS: Are you bored of us already?
JON: You saved us from Mance Rayder's army. We will never forget that. But it's a question of survival. The Night's Watch can't continue to feed your men and the wildling prisoners indefinitely. Winter is coming.
STANNIS: I know it. We march on Winterfell within the fortnight. Before the snows trap us here.
JON: And the wildlings?
STANNIS: They'd rather burn than fight for me, so be it. I leave their fate to you. You could execute them, that's the safest course. (After a moment). Or you could see if this Tormund fellow is more willing to compromise than Mance ever was. I assume the brothers of the Night's Watch would rather see the wildlings dead.
JON: Most of the brothers, yes. There's little love for the free folk here. (Olly stares at him).
STANNIS: You're the Lord Commander. Your decision.
Stannis begins to leave. Olly opens the door.
STANNIS: You have many enemies in Castle Black. Have you considered sending Alliser Thorne elsewhere? Give him command of  Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
JON: I heard it was best to keep your enemies close.
STANNIS: Whoever said that didn't have many enemies.
Stannis leaves. Davos begins to leave, but turns to Jon as Jon begins to pace.
DAVOS: He sees something in you. (Jon looks up). Might not be apparent from his tone, but it's the truth. He believes in you.
JON: I'm sorry I disappointed him.
Davos walks forward and takes a seat. Olly closes the door again.
DAVOS: The king is a complicated man. But he wants what's right for the Seven Kingdoms.
JON: As long as he's ruling them.
DAVOS: He's the one true king. He has the blood right to that throne.
JON: I’ve sworn to stay clear of the politics of the Seven Kingdoms.
DAVOS: Have you now? (Turning to Olly). How does the Night's Watch vow go again? I bet you've got it memorized since you got here.
Olly looks to Jon. Jon looks at him, crosses his arms, and nods.
OLLY: Night gathers and now my watch begins -
DAVOS: Not that bit, the bit at the end.
OLLY: I'm the sword in the darkness, the watcher on the walls, the shield that guards the realm of men. I pledge my life -
DAVOS: Wait, that's enough. “The shield that guards the realm of men.” That's what you swore to be. Now I'm not a learned man, but the best way of helping the most people might not be sitting in a frozen castle at the edge of the world. It just might mean wading in the muck, getting your boots dirty, and doing what needs to be doing.
JON: And what needs to be done?
DAVOS: As long as the Boltons rule the North, (Stands up), the North will suffer. Just one man's opinion.
Davos nods and turns to leave. Olly opens the door for him. Jon sits at his desk and sighs.
CUT TO: BRAAVOS
INT. ARYA’S ROOM
Arya lays on her bed, playing with her coin in her hand. Suddenly, the door opens, and she sits up. The waif enters with a cane, and begins pacing.
ARYA: What do you want?
WAIF: Who are you?
ARYA: What?
WAIF: You, who walk in here with a coin you never earned, whose value you do not respect. (Stops and walks to Arya). Who are you?
ARYA: (After a moment, perks up). No one.
The waif quickly swings her cane at Arya, hitting her arm. Arya, now on her feet, turns to face the waif, holding her arm in pain.
ARYA: Ow! Cunt!
WAIF: A lie, a sad little lie. Who are you?
The waif hits her a third time, sending her to the ground.
WAIF: Who are you?
ARYA: You're about to find out.
Arya reaches for her sword. Before she can pick it up, Jaqen appears.
JAQEN: What are you doing?
WAIF: We were only playing. The game of faces.
JAQEN: A girl is not ready.
WAIF: Clearly not.
ARYA: (Stands up). I am ready.
JAQEN: For what? For whatever you want. To be a Faceless Man. To be no one.
The waif turns to her. Jaqen looks at the sword on Arya’s bed.
JAQEN: Whose sword is that? It belongs to Arya Stark. Arya Stark's sword, Arya Stark's clothes, Arya Stark's stolen silver. A man wonders how is it that no one came to be surrounded by Arya Stark's things?
The waif, looking smug, leaves.
EXT. DOCK
On a dock near the house of Black and White, Arya wraps a rock in her clothes. She is wearing new clothes, similar to the ones the waif wears. She ties them up and drops them into the water, the rock causing them to sink. She picks up her coin purse and throws it in the water. After a moment of examining her original coin in her hand, she throws it in the water as well. She looks at her sword Needle for a moment, and then picks it up. She prepares to throw it in the sea, but finds herself unable to, and begins to sob. She turns and walks over to some nearby rocks, and hides the sword under some of them.
INT. THE HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE
Arya is again sweeping the floor in the main room. She notices the men from the beginning of the episode carrying another dead body into the back room. However, after a moment, she realizes that she didn’t hear the door close, and she looks up to find it wide open. Jaqen surprises her by suddenly putting his hand on her shoulder. He nods towards the door, and begins walking over to it. Arya follows him, leaving the broom outside. They go down a fire-lit tunnel. Jaqen opens the door at the end of the tunnel to reveal a chamber. Inside, the waif stands motionless next to a large stone slab. On it is the dead man. Jaqen leaves through the back door. After Jaqen closes the door, the waif begins to remove the dead man’s clothes. She looks up at Arya, who walks over and begins to do so as well. The waif inspects his body. She wets a rag and begins cleaning off the man.
ARYA: What do we do with them after we wash them?
The waif only looks up and smiles lightly, making no other response. She goes back to washing him, and Arya wets a rag of her own to help.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
EXT. COURTYARD
MAN: Open gates!
The gates are opened. Sansa, Baelish, and a number of knights on horseback gallop through. They stop. Theon watches from nearby through some metal bars, trembling. Baelish gets off of his horse. Roose, Ramsay, and Walda watch as Sansa gets off hers. Roose walks forward. Baelish leads Sansa towards him, rubbing her hands.
ROOSE: Lady Sansa, welcome.
After a tense moment, Sansa smiles and curtsies.
SANSA: (Smiles). Lord Bolton.
ROOSE: May I introduce my son, (Stands aside), Ramsay Bolton?
Ramsay smiles and walks forwards, removing his gloves. Sansa smiles at him.
RAMSAY: It's an honor to meet you, my Lady.
He takes her hand and kisses it. Nearby, Myranda and other women watch.
INT. HALLWAY
An old servant woman leads Sansa down a hallway to her chambers. She opens the door.
WOMAN: I'll bring you a bowl of hot water. You must want to wash.
SANSA: Thank you.
WOMAN: Welcome home, Lady Stark. (Quieter) The North remembers.
Sansa watches as the woman leaves.
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK
INT. DINING HALL
Jon sits at a table, tapping his fingers anxiously. The men in the room talk amongst themselves.
JON: Sam. (Sam looks up. Jon looks at Maester Aemon’s chair). Maester Aemon?
SAM: He apologizes for not being here. He's not feeling well.
JON: Take good care of him. (To the group). Brothers. As you all know too well, it's long past time to dig a new latrine pit. (Laughter. Jon looks at Alliser). First Builder Yarwyck and I have decided to appoint a latrine captain to oversee this crucial task. (Laughter. After a moment, he continues). Brian. Seems like a good job for a ginger.
Everyone laughs. Some of the men jokingly pat Brian on his back, and Brian laughs as well.
JON: Ser Alliser. (Silence). You have more experience than any other soldier at Castle Black. You proved your valour many times over, while defending the Wall from the wildling attack. I name you First Ranger.
Some of the men shout in approval. Alliser looks up surprised. Edd and Sam look at each other. Janos pats him on the shoulder.
JON: Lord Janos. I'm giving you command of Greyguard.
JANOS: (Scoffs). Greyguard is a ruin.
JON: Yes, the fort is in a sorry state. Restore it as best you can. First Builder Yarwyck can spare ten of his -
JANOS: I was charged with the defense of King's Landing when you were soiling your swaddling clothes. Keep your ruin.
Some of the men begin talking loudly. Olly shifts in his seat.
SAM: Alright, alright! Enough of that.
JON: You mistake me, my Lord. That was a command, not an offer. Pack your arms and armour, say your farewells, and ride for Greyguard.
JANOS: (Stands up, angrily shouts). I will not go meekly off to freeze and die! Give it to one of the fools who cast a stone for you. I will not have it. Do you hear me, boy? I will not have it!
JON: Are you refusing to obey my order?
The men in the room all turn to look at Janos.
JANOS: You can stick your order up your bastard arse.
Some of the men whisper in shock. Janos looks pleased with himself. Alliser turns to Jon smugly.
JON: Take Lord Janos outside.
The men begin to stand up. Janos scoffs.
JON: Olly, bring me my sword.
Olly turns quickly to Jon, then gets up. Janos looks more unsure of himself as more men get up. Alliser turns and looks at Janos disapprovingly. Edd walks over to get Janos. Alliser stands in his way for a moment. Jon looks at the confrontation, worried. Alliser raises his eyebrows for a moment and moves out of the way. Janos looks at him shocked. Edd grabs Janos, and some other men assist in dragging him outside.
JANOS: You cannot do this! Get your hands off me! (Everyone moves outside). Scum, all of you! If the boy thinks he can frighten me, he's mistaken, yes, very mistaken.
Someone puts a chopping block down. Janos is taken up to it.
JANOS: A disgrace! I have friends, important friends in the capital! You'll see!
Jon takes a final sip of his wine, gets up, and goes outside. The watchmen all gather in the courtyard. Olly hands Jon his sword. Jon walks up to where Janos is being held. Stannis watches from afar. Jon unsheathes his sword, and Janos looks up at it.
JON: If you have any last words, my Lord, now is the time.
JANOS: (Trembling). I was wrong. You're the Lord Commander! We all serve you. I'm sorry. Not only for this, for all I've done and said. I was wrong! (Jon brings his sword up). My Lord, please, mercy! Mercy! I'll go! I will! Please. I'm afraid. I've always been afraid.
Janos sobs for a few moments. Jon hesitates, and then brings his sword down, decapitating Janos. He hands his sword to a watchman standing nearby. He looks up and makes eye contact with Stannis.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
INT. BROTHEL
The High Septon kneels in the center of a room. Seven prostitutes, dressed as each of the new gods, circle around him. Olyvar stands behind the High Septon, wearing a fake beard and holding a scale. The prostitutes giggle as the High Septon eyes them all.
OLYVAR: You have served us well, my son.
HIGH SEPTON: Thank you, Father.
OLYVAR: Which of the Seven will you worship today?
HIGH SEPTON: The Maiden.
OLYVAR: Where is the Maiden?
HIGH SEPTON: And the Stranger.
OLYVAR: (Leaning forward). Two is extra, you realize?
HIGH SEPTON: Yes, yes.
Olyvar snaps his fingers. He and five of the prostitutes step aside. The two dressed as the Maiden and the Stranger remain and approach the High Septon, who smiles. Suddenly, some men led by Lancel Lannister barge into the room. The High Septon gasps and turns around.
OLYVAR: What are you doing? This establishment belong to Lord Petyr Baelish. You can't -
The men force the High Septon to his feet. One of the men rips off Olyvar’s fake beard, hits him to the ground, and begins kicking him. The prostitutes run out of the room.
LANCEL: You have profaned our faith. The faith of our fathers and forefathers.
HIGH SEPTON: I am the High Septon of the -
LANCEL: (Grabs his neck). You are a sinner. And you shall be punished.
The men drag the High Septon out of the room. He is forced out into the street naked, and begin walking. He tries to cover his penis with his hands, but one of the men hits him with a stick. People gather on the sides of the street to watch, and begin chanting.
CROWD: Sinner! Sinner! Sinner!
MAN 1: Repent!
CROWD: Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner! Sinner!
MAN 2: Shame on you!
CROWD: Sinner! Sinner!
INT. SMALL COUNCIL CHAMBER
Mace opens the door for the High Septon. He approaches the table. In better light, it is clear that his face is heavily bruised. Mace closes the door and walks over. The High Septon addresses each of the member present.
HIGH SEPTON: (To Cersei) Your Grace, (To Pycelle), Grandmaester, (To Mace) Lord Tyrell, (To Qyburn), uh…
QYBURN: It doesn't matter. (Mace sits down).
HIGH SEPTON: As the High Septon of the Faith of the Seven I give voice to the will of the Gods and am their foremost servant in this world. An insult to me is an insult to the Gods. An assault on my person, is an assault on our very religion.
CERSEI: You were assaulted?
HIGH SEPTON: I was, by those fanatics who call themselves ‘sparrows’. They humiliated me, they they beat me, they left me naked and bleeding on the cobblestones. I am lucky to be alive.
QYBURN: I heard this all began in Littlefinger's brothel.
MACE: High Septon, this is a rather shocking thing to hear.
HIGH SEPTON: I tend to both the highest born, and the lowliest amongst us. Even prostitutes may earn the mercy of the Mother.
QYBURN: So you were administering to the needs of these devout prostitutes?
PYCELLE: A man's private affairs ought to stay private!
CERSEI: What do you want from us, High Septon?
HIGH SEPTON: Justice! I ask that you protect our Faith by arresting these criminals and throwing them in the black cells. I ask that you execute their leader, this so-called High Sparrow. He's a threat to everything we hold sacred. If he goes unpunished -
CERSEI: And where do I find this man? This High Sparrow?
EXT. STREET
A soldier helps Cersei out of her carriage. She begins walking forward. Ser Meryn stands ahead of her.
MERYN: I don't think this is a good idea, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Nonsense, Ser Meryn. These are deeply religious people. (To a man at the bottom of some stairs). Where can I find the High Sparrow?
The man points up the stairs. They are crowded with people. Cersei and Ser Meryn ascend them.
MAN 1: Seven blessings.
Cersei covers her nose. At the top of the stairs is a large room. She watches as many people eat at tables.
MAN 2: Thank you.
MAN 3: Just a little more...
WOMAN: Thank you ever so for the soup!
In the center of the room, an old man is giving soup to people in line. Cersei approaches him.
CERSEI: A young man said I would find the High Sparrow back here. Where is he?
HIGH SPARROW: High Sparrow? Sounds ridiculous, doesn't it? Like Lord Duckling, or King Turtle. (Laughs). So, it's meant to. We're often stuck with the names our enemies give to us. (Prepares soup for the next person in line). The notion that we are all equal in the eyes of Seven doesn't sit well with some, so they belittle me.
WOMAN 2: Seven blessings to you.
HIGH SPARROW: Seven blessings to you, my dear. It's only a name, quite an easy burden to wear. Far easier than hers. (Prepares soup for the next person in line).
CERSEI: Why no shoes?
HIGH SPARROW: Because I gave them away to someone who needed them more. We all do that. It stops us from forgetting what we really are.
CERSEI: Is that why you came to King's Landing? To remind everyone?
HIGH SPARROW: Everyone? I have a hard enough job reminding myself. Oh, I tell them no one's special. And they think I'm special for telling them so.
CERSEI: (Smiles). Perhaps they're right.
HIGH SPARROW: It would be comforting to believe that, wouldn't it? The Gods sent you here to tempt me? I hope not. I had assumed you'd only come here to arrest me. For that incident with the High Septon.
CERSEI: An unacceptable way to treat the chosen representative of the Gods in this world, wouldn't you say?
HIGH SPARROW: Hypocrisy is a boil. Lancing a is never pleasant. Although, they could have been more careful with the blade.
CERSEI: The High Septon came to speak to me today. He doesn't want me to arrest you, he wants me to execute you.
HIGH SPARROW: I wouldn't presume to know your thoughts on the matter.
CERSEI: (After a moment). My thoughts on the matter align with your own. The High Septon's behaviour was corrosive, as was his attitude. Having a man like that reside in the Sept eats away the Faith from the inside. So now he resides in the Red Keep's dungeons instead. (The High Sparrow looks up at her surprised). The Faith and the Crown are the two pillars that hold up this world. If one collapses, so does the other. We must do everything necessary to protect one another.
INT. QYBURN’S LAB
Qyburn pulls a rat out of a cage. He brings it over to a desk and holds a knife above it. The camera switches to his face, and blood splatters onto a protective lens. Cersei enters the room with a letter.
QYBURN: Your Grace.
CERSEI: Send a raven with this message to Littlefinger in the Eyrie, or wherever he's slithering about. (Hands him the letter).
QYBURN: At once, Your Grace. (Walks to his desk).
CERSEI: How's your work coming along?
QYBURN: Very well.
CERSEI: You've made progress?
QYBURN: More than I've expected. Still a way to go, but…
CERSEI: Very good. I'll leave you to it then. Make sure Littlefinger is clear on the meaning of the word "immediately".
Cersei leaves the room. Qyburn begins writing something down. Behind him on a table is a large object, covered by a sheet. After a few moments of writing, the object begins violently jerking around, and then stops.
QYBURN: Shh. Easy, friend.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
COURTYARD
Sansa walks through the busy courtyard. Theon is shoveling dirt nearby. He looks up to see her walking in his direction, and looks away, tense. On a platform above, Ramsay and Baelish stand, watching her.
RAMSAY: She really is lovely. I hope I can make her happy.
BAELISH: I hope so too. I've become quite fond of Lady Sansa during our travels together. She’s suffered enough.
RAMSAY: I'll never hurt her. You have my word.
BAELISH: I've heard very little about you. Which makes you quite a rare thing, as lords go.
RAMSAY: I haven't been a lord very long. I was a bastard.
ROOSE: (Approaching). And you're not anymore. Allow me a moment alone with Lord Baelish.
RAMSAY: Yes, father. And thank you, Lord Baelish. I'm forever in your debt. (Bows).
BAELISH: He seems pleased.
ROOSE: Shouldn't he be?
BAELISH: (They begin walking). I assure you she's still a virgin. Tyrion never consummated the marriage. By the law of the land, she's no man's wife. Inspect her, if you must.
ROOSE: I leave that to the brothel keeper. It's her name I need, not her virtue.
BAELISH: Then I have delivered everything I've promised.
ROOSE: And you prepared for the consequences. When the Lannisters hear I've wed Sansa Stark to Ramsay.
BAELISH: The Lannister name doesn't mean what it once did. Tywin is dead. He kept his house in power through sheer will. Without him, Jaime has one hand and no allies, Tommen is a soft boy, not a king to fear.
ROOSE: The Queen will be enraged.
BAELISH: Queen Margaery adores Sansa. Cersei is Queen Mother, a title whose importance wanes with each passing day.
ROOSE: And yet she still has friends. Men in important places, whom she can ask for favours. (They stop, and Roose holds up a letter). A message for you, from Cersei Lannister. A rider arrived from Eyrie, shortly before dawn. Apparently, she thinks you're still in the Vale.
BAELISH: A message for me, you say. Strange that the seal is broken.
ROOSE: I'm sure you understand my position, Lord Baelish. If you received word in the night from the Queen Mother, it does make me question our new alliance. The Lannisters made you one of the great lords of Westeros. Yet, here you are in the North, undermining them. Why gamble with your position?
BAELISH: Every ambitious move is a gamble. You gambled when you drove a dagger into Robb Stark's heart. It appears that your gamble paid off. You're Warden of the North.
ROOSE: I had Tywin Lannister backing. Who supports me now? You?
BAELISH: The Eyrie is mine. The last time the lords of the Eyrie formed an alliance with the lords of the North, they brought down the greatest dynasty this world has ever known. I'd like to borrow one of your birds. Cersei will expect a reply.
ROOSE: I'd like to read the reply.
Roose walks away.
CUT TO: VOLANTIS
INT. VARYS AND TYRION’S CARRIAGE
Tyrion repeatedly opens and closes a window.
TYRION: I have to get out of this wheelhouse.
VARYS: Volantis is a large city.
TYRION: I have to get out of this wheelhouse.
VARYS: The likelihood of you being spotted here increases a hundredfold.
TYRION: Mm, I have to get out of this wheelhouse.
VARYS: I'm not sure how many new ways I can find of saying this.
TYRION: (Walks over to him). I will not be of any use to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind. I can't remember the last face I saw that wasn't yours.
VARYS: It's a perfectly good face.
TYRION: I'm losing my mind.
VARYS: If anyone recognizes you, you'll lose more than that.
TYRION: Look, we are thousands of miles from Westeros. (Pulls his hood up). What am I? (Varys shakes his head). One more drunk dwarf.
Tyrion knocks on the front of the carriage. The camera then pans over part of the city. Varys and Tyrion walk through a busy marketplace.
TYRION: Slaves.
VARYS: Yes. The Volantene masters are very organized. (Shot of a man with a fly tattooed onto his cheek). Flies for dung shovelers. (Shot of a man with a hammer tattooed onto his cheek). Hammers for builders. (Shot of a man inspecting women with tears tattooed onto their cheeks). Tears for whores. Lest they forget.
Varys and Tyrion arrive at a clearing in the market and stop. A woman speaks before a large crowd.
PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) Lord cast your light upon us.
CROWD: (Valyrian, in unison) Lord cast your light upon us.
PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) For the night is dark and full of terrors.
VARYS: (Aside) We should keep moving.
Noticing Tyrion is no longer next to him, he frantically looks around.
CROWD: (Valyrian, in unison) For the night is dark and full of terrors.
PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) I was once as you are now.
The woman points to her cheek. Tyrion watches from some nearby steps, and drinks some wine.
PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) Bought and sold, (Varys approaches Tyrion), scourged and branded...
TYRION: The only red priest we had in King's Landing was Thoros of Myr. This one's much better looking.
PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) The Lord of Light hears your voice. He hears the king as he hears the slave; he hears the Stone Men in their misery...
TYRION: Stone men. Good luck stopping this spread of grayscale with prayer. You'd have better luck dancing away the plague. (Varys shushes him worriedly).
PRIESTESS: (Valyrian) He has sent you a saviour! From the fire she was reborn to remake the world! The Dragon Queen!
TYRION: We're going to meet the Saviour! You should have told me. Who doesn't want to meet the Saviour?
The priestess slowly turns her head to lock eyes with Tyrion.
TYRION: (Covering his face). Come on. Let's find a brothel.
They return to the marketplace and continue walking. They stop at a large door, which a man is guarding. He rubs Tyrion’s head.
MAN: (Valyrian) It’s good luck to rub a dwarf’s head.
TYRION: It's even better luck to suck a dwarf's cock.
Varys rolls his eyes, exasperated. The man stares at him unamused.
INT. BROTHEL
TYRION: See? We blend right in. Just two more travellers, mad with lust.
Elsewhere in the brothel, Jorah sets his cup down. Tyrion and Varys sit down at a table, and a woman comes to bring them wine.
VARYS: Thank you.
Tyrion clinks his glass against Varys’s. A prostitute dressed as Daenerys walks through the brothel. Tyrion looks at her.
TYRION: Curious... hair. (She looks at him).
MAN: (Across the room). The mother of dragons!
He gestures for her to come over. She approaches their table.
TYRION: It appears you're not the only Targaryen supporter.
Jorah watches the prostitute, and then looks away.
VARYS: Someone who inspires priests and whores is worth taking seriously.
MAN: What makes you worth that much?
BLONDE PROSTITUTE: I’m magic. (They laugh).
MAN: I bet you bloody are.
Jorah listens to this, appearing extremely uncomfortable.
TYRION: Well, (Watches her kiss the man), she's taken.
Tyrion spots another prostitute, with shorter dark hair. He gets up.
VARYS: Where're you going?
TYRION: I need to speak to someone with hair.
Tyrion approaches the black haired prostitute.
TYRION: Hello?
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: Hello.
TYRION: You've got no drink.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: You've got no money.
TYRION: Do I look like a man without money? (She looks at him incredulously). Never trust looks. Until quite recently, I was one of the richest men in the world. (She laughs). But who needs wealth when you can make a woman laugh? (Sits down). I always pay my debts, I'm well known for it.
The blonde prostitute and the man giggle. Tyrion glances over at them.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: You like her? They all like her. They all want to fuck a queen.
TYRION: That’s because they’ve never met a queen.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: You're just saying that.
TYRION: You know how to spot a liar. If I could pick any girl here, I would pick you.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: Why?
TYRION: Because you have a skeptical mind.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: (Smiles). Alright, then. I'm warning you. We’re gonna have to wash you first.
She takes his hand, but Tyrion doesn’t get up.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: Come on.
TYRION: (After a moment). I'm, I'm sorry, I can't.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: Of course you can. You're shy.
TYRION: I'm not.
BLACK HAIRED PROSTITUTE: Have another drink.
TYRION: Gladly, but this, I can't do. Believe me, no one is more shocked than I am. I hope it passes. What will I do in my spare time? I’ll go for a piss, that’s a start.
She looks confused. Tyrion walks away. Varys, noticing that Tyrion is no longer in his view, gets up worriedly.
INT./EXT. WINDOW
Tyrion pisses out of a window, and sips his wine. He throws the cup out into the water below. He notices that someone is behind him.
Jorah looks behind him. As Tyrion pulls up his pants, Jorah puts a rope around him and begins tying it.
TYRION: You made some kind of mistake. Why don't you tell me what you think you are doing and -
Jorah puts a rag over Tyrion’s mouth.
JORAH: I'm taking you to the Queen.
Tyrion’s eyes widen. Jorah picks him up and leaves.
END EPISODE
TITLE SEQUENCEEXT. BEACH
A man hops out of his boat at night, and grabs a basket of fish. As he carries it on shore, Jorah knocks him out with a punch to the face. Looking around, he drags the man out of the water, and throws two coins on him. Jorah walks over to where he has Tyrion tied up. Tyrion is grunting, trying to cut the ropes binding him with a knife. Jorah picks up the knife and Tyrion. He throws Tyrion and his supplies into the boat, and then pushes it out to sea. Once it gains momentum, he hops in himself.
CUT TO: EXT. BOAT
A number of men walk around doing various tasks on deck. Jaime Lannister looks out from the side of the boat. He turns to the captain.
JAIME: Is that Estermont?
CAPTAIN: Tarth, Ser Jaime. (Shot of an island). The Sapphire Isle.
INT. BELOW DECK
A knife hits a sandbag.
BRONN: Why are we on a merchant ship? Why no Lannister sails?
JAIME: This ship's sailing to Oldtown. We'll get off earlier, not far from Sunspear. Row ourselves to the Dornish shores in the night.
BRONN: You ever been to Dorne?
JAIME: No.
BRONN: I have. The Dornish are crazy. All they want to do is fight and fuck. Fuck and fight.
JAIME: You should be happy to go back. (Drinks some water).
BRONN: (Gets up, walking to his knife). There's nothing like a good fight to get you in the mood for fucking. (Pulls out his knife from the sandbag). And there's nothing like a fuck-mad Dornish girl to clear your head for the next fight. It's how the two work together. And we're gonna do a lot of fighting, I am sure. Well, I am. But I don't imagine we'll get to stick around for the rest. Not after we've kidnapped their princess.
JAIME: We are not kidnapping their princess. We are rescuing my niece, bringing her back to the family,
BRONN: (Incredulously) Your niece?
Jaime and Bronn have a stare-off. After a moment, Jaime looks away. Bronn drinks some water.
BRONN: I've been doing this sort of thing a long time. I'm good at it. (Sits down).
JAIME: That's why you're here.
BRONN: I know. Why are you here? Why not send 40 of me, or an army? Unlike most folks, you actually got one.
JAIME: Because I don't want to start a war.
BRONN: That still doesn't explain why you're doing it.
JAIME: It has to be me.
BRONN: (Gets up starts walking). If I'm putting something of a lit together, a one-handed man, (Grabs some rope and walks back), who happens to be one of the most recognizable faces in Westeros, is not -
JAIME: It has to be me.
BRONN: (Sheaths his sword). You set your brother free, didn't you? I bet your sister didn't like that.
JAIME: (Quietly) Varys set him free.
BRONN: Well, if you ever see the little fucker, (Lays down), give him my regards.
JAIME: He murdered my father. If I ever see him, I'll split him in two. And then I'll give him your regards.
CUT TO: KING’S LANDING
INT. SMALL COUNCIL CHAMBER
Cersei sits in her chair, looking angry. At the table is Maester Pycelle, Qyburn, Mace Tyrell, and an empty chair.
MACE: The Iron Bank has called one tenth of the Crown's debts. Given the expense of rebuilding the royal -
CERSEI: How much can the Crown afford?
MACE: With winter coming, half what they ask. Less.
CERSEI: You're the Master of Coin. How do we pay them?
MACE: Well, House Tyrell could front the gold, and the the Crown will pay us back in time, or I'll have words with my daughter.
Mace smiles, as if expecting a laugh. Qyburn and Pycelle both look down. Mace’s smile fades. Cersei smiles.
CERSEI: You've already given us too much. (Gets up and walks to a window). No, we must arrange better terms with the Iron Bank.
MACE: Absolutely.
CERSEI: In person.
MACE: (After a moment, looks at her surprised). Me? (Qyburn smiles).
CERSEI: We must send an envoy to the Iron Bank, someone of importance, to show these bankers our respect. As the King's Master of Coin, I can think of no one more qualified.
MACE: I will be honored, Your Grace.
CERSEI: The King has expressed concern about his father-in-law's safety on this voyage. (Smiling). He's ordered Ser Meryn to personally lead your escort.
Ser Meryn walks into the room. Mace turns to look at him, and then back at Cersei.
MACE: My very own Kingsguard? Please express -
CERSEI: Safe travels, Lord Tyrell.
MACE: (Raises his hands). Of course, of course, (Gathers his belongings, and then gets up). I'll give your regards to the Titan of Braavos.
Mace laughs. Qyburn looks down, lightly chuckling. Mace exits, followed by Ser Meryn.
PYCELLE: The Small Council grows smaller and smaller.
CERSEI: (Walking out). Not small enough.
Pycelle watches her leave.
INT. HIGH SPARROW’S CHAMBER
A note lies on the desk, stamped with the seal of the High Sparrow. The High Sparrow sits behind his desk, across from Cersei. She pours a glass of wine.
CERSEI: May I offer you some wine, Your Holiness?
HIGH SPARROW: No. (Smiles).
Cersei looks unsure, presumably having expected him to say yes. After a moment she smiles and pushes the wine away.
CERSEI: The old High Septon would have asked the vintage. (Smiles).
HIGH SPARROW: I could say that our minds are temples to the Seven and should be kept pure. But the truth is, (Chuckles), I don't like the taste.
CERSEI: Hmm.
HIGH SPARROW: (After a moment). How may I serve?
CERSEI: All over Westeros we hear about septs being burned. Silent sisters raped. Bodies of holy men piled in the streets.
HIGH SPARROW: Wars teach people to obey the sword, not the Gods.
CERSEI: Perhaps the Gods need a sword of their own. (HS raises an eyebrow). In the days before the Targaryens, the Faith Militant dispensed the justice of the Seven.
HIGH SPARROW: Well, the Faith Militant was disarmed more than two centuries ago.
CERSEI: If I explain the holy purpose to my son, the king, I have no doubt he will sign a decree arming the believers you felt worthy.
HIGH SPARROW: An army that defends the bodies and souls of the common people.
CERSEI: An army and service to the Gods themselves. And to you, of course. As the chosen representative of the Seven.
HIGH SPARROW: An honor I never expected. Or indeed, ever wished for.
CERSEI: Which is why you were chosen. (HS smiles). You and I both know how the world works. Too often the wicked are the wealthiest, beyond the reach of justice. The king himself cannot always punish those who deserve it most.
HIGH SPARROW: All sinners are equal before the Gods.
CERSEI: (Smiles. Continues after a moment). What would you say if I told you we have a great sinner in our very midst? Shielded by gold and privilege.
HIGH SPARROW: May the Father judge him justly. (Smiles).
EXT. STREET
A group of Faith Militant, wearing black robes and chains, walk down the street. Many nearby people chatter amongst themselves and look on. They begin breaking open casks of wine, and people begin screaming. One throws some men out of a building. Wine from the broken casks flows down some steps.
INT. A ROOM
We see a man in pain, sweating heavily and biting down on a piece of cloth. Someone begins carving something on his forehead, and his hand scratches and grabs at the table.
EXT. MARKETPLACE
Outside, the Faith Militant destroy a marketplace, smashing things for sale, flipping over tables, and attacking merchants. One merchant, laying on the ground, looks up at some gold cloaks on a castle wall.
MERCHANT: Help me! Help me!
The gold cloaks turn around, ignoring him.
INT. A ROOM
The man in the room continues to sweat and bite down on the cloth. His face trembles. The symbol continues being carved.
INT. BROTHEL
A prostitute moans while having sex with a client. Some Faith Militant walk in and interrupt. She shrieks as one grabs her by the hair and pulls her off of the man. Another comes in grinning and strikes the man with a stick. The prostitute is forced out of the room. Some more men interrupt an orgy. Two women start screaming. They begin beating some of the participants, and taking others out of the room. Olyvar attempts to confront a member of the Faith Militant as the man drags out a prostitute.
OLYVAR: (Angrily). This is Lord Petyr Baelish's establishment.
The man elbows Olyvar in the face and continues on his way. After most of the Faith’s Militant are gone, Olyvar hears a scream. He walks towards the source of the scream, blood running from his noise, and hears another scream.
MILITANT: Cocksucker! (Man screams). Boy fucker! You barbaric filth! There's a special place in the Seventh Hell for your kind.
Olyvar stands just outside the doorway of a large room. Inside, a group of militants, most of them armed, stand around a male prostitute and his male client. Both are naked and bloody on the floor.
CLIENT: Please, please, I'll pay! I'll pay all of you.
MILITANT: (Pulls out a knife). Yes, you will! Seize him.
The client begins crying. Olyvar backs out of the doorway and begins running away. The client screams.
INT. A ROOM
Someone finishes carving the symbol on the man’s head. The carver walks away and the man, revealed to be Lancel Lannister, sits up, breathing heavily. The symbol on his forehead is the symbol of the Faith Militant.
EXT. STAIRWELL
A number of Faith’s Militant, all armed, walk down a stairwell. They enter a clearing, where Loras Tyrell is sparring with another man. Some people are spectating. The militants, including Lancel, approach the fight. Loras, having knocked the other man to the ground, removes his helmet. He hands his sword to another man, who hands Loras a drink. He suddenly becomes aware of the presence of the militants.
MILITANT: Seize him.
The militants grab Loras.
LORAS: Get your hands off of me.
LANCEL: Ser Loras of House Tyrell, you have broken the laws of Gods and men.
LORAS: Who do you think you are?
LANCEL: Justice. (Loras grunts and struggles).
INT. HALLWAY
Margaery walks down a hallway. She pushes a set of doors open, enters Tommen’s chambers, and angrily puts her hands on a table. Tommen is eating, and looks up at her, surprised.
MARGAERY: Why is my brother in a cell?
TOMMEN: I, I don't know. I, I didn't order it.
MARGAERY: We both know who did. (Walks away). You told me she was returning to Casterly Rock.
TOMMEN: (Standing up). Are you saying my mother is behind this?
MARGAERY: She's jealous you're not hers anymore. Arresting my brother is her revenge.
TOMMEN: Aren't you and mother getting along?
MARGAERY: (Scoffs). Oh, my sweet, sweet King. (Sits down). Do you have any affection for me at all?
TOMMEN: (Takes her hand). Of course I do. You're my Queen.
MARGAERY: I can't bear to think of my brother locked away in some grimy cell.
TOMMEN: I'll set him free for you.
MARGAERY: Do you promise?
INT. CERSEI’S CHAMBERS
Tommen walks into Cersei’s chambers. Cersei is staring out of a window and drinking wine.
TOMMEN: I demand that Ser Loras be freed now!
CERSEI: (Turns around). Did I arrest him?
TOMMEN: Well, no... But you armed the Faith Militant. You gave the High Sparrow an army.
CERSEI: I did. And your wife has every right to criticize. (Begins walking towards her desk). Can't allow fanatics to arrest the Queen's brother, no matter his perversions.
TOMMEN: Then can I tell Margaery you'll have Ser Loras released?
CERSEI: I told you I am not holding Ser Loras. You're the King. I'm sure if you speak to the High Sparrow, he'll release the poor boy.
EXT. THE GREAT SEPT
A group of kingsguard lead Tommen to the Great Sept.
KINGSGUARD: Halt!
The party stops. Tommen gets out and goes to the steps of the Sept on foot, followed by guards. A number of people are seen milling about around the base of the steps. Some Faith Militant stand guarding the steps. They block Tommen and his guards from walking up.
MILITANT: His Holiness is praying. He will not be disturbed.
KINGSGUARD: Give the order and we'll tear out this rebel.
TOMMEN: You mean, kill them? Here, in the sept?
KINGSGUARD: You'll be sending them to meet the Gods that they love.
The kingsguard and militants both adjust their stances, ready for a fight. A number of other people begin to watch. Some people begin yelling at Tommen.
MAN 1: Bastard!
MAN 2: You're an abomination!
MAN 3: You're born of sin!
WOMAN: Filthy bastard!
TOMMEN: We'll find another way.
Tommen begins walking away, followed by his guards.
MAN 4: Abomination!
INT. TOMMEN’S CHAMBERS
Tommen opens the doors to his chambers, finding it empty.
TOMMEN: My Queen?
Margaery enters from outside.
TOMMEN: There was no way to free Ser Loras without violence.
MARGAERY: You're the King of the Andals, the Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, the Protector of the Realm. And you let a band of fanatics imprison your brother by law.
TOMMEN: I'm going to speak to the High Sparrow.
MARGAERY: Are you? When?
TOMMEN: I--I don't know.
MARGAERY: You don't know?
TOMMEN: He was praying just now.
MARGAERY: (Walking out). I have to send word to Grandmother.
TOMMEN: Will you come back later? (Margaery stops).
MARGAERY: I need to be with my family, Your Grace. (Continues walking).
TOMMEN: Of course.
CUT TO: THE WALL
EXT. CASTLE BLACK
Some Night’s Watchmen spar in the courtyard. A number of others look on. Stannis and Selyse watch from some stairs.
SELYSE: You think highly of this boy.
JON: (To some of the men sparring). Good.
STANNIS: Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.
SELYSE: A bastard by some tavern slut.
STANNIS: Perhaps, but that wasn't Ned Stark's way.
SELYSE: I should have given you a son.
STANNIS: Not your fault.
SELYSE: Whose then? (Looks at their daughter Shireen). I gave you nothing but weakness. (Turns back). And deformity. (Stannis shakes his head).
MELISANDRE: (Walking towards them). Those scars mean nothing to the Lord of Light.
SELYSE: My Lady.
MELISANDRE: Her father is the Lord's chosen King. And her father's blood runs through her veins.
Melisandre and Selyse stare at each other. After a moment, Selyse walks away.
MELISANDRE: You march on Winterfell soon?
STANNIS: We must. To beat the snows.
MELISANDRE: Once before you put your faith in Ser Davos and left me behind. I hope you won't make that mistake again.
STANNIS: I won't. I need you.
MELISANDRE: You only need faith, my King.
STANNIS: (Walking away). And you, my Lady, what do you need?
MELISANDRE: To serve my Lord.
Stannis turns back. They both watch Jon sparring.
INT. JON’S CHAMBER
Jon sits at his desk. Sam hands him various letters to sign, one by one.
SAM: Lord Ashford. (Jon signs). Lady Caulfield. (Jon signs). Lord Smallwood.
JON: Never even heard of these people.
SAM: They haven't heard of you either. (Jon signs). But we need men and they have some.
JON: And how many men does this Lord Mazin have to send us?
SAM: (Chuckles, looking at the next letter). More than Lord Wibberley.
Sam’s face grows dark after reading the next letter. When Jon finishes signing the letter to Lord Wibberley, Sam hands it to him, saying nothing. Jon begins signing, but hesitates.
JON: Not him.
SAM: I know, I'm sorry, but we need men and supplies. And Roose Bolton is the Warden of The North.
JON: He murdered my brother.
SAM: We swore to be the Watchers on the Wall. We can't watch the Wall with 50 men. And we can't get more men without help from the Warden of the North.
Jon hesitates another moment, and then relents and signs the letter. He leans his chair back, and Sam gathers up all of the signed letters. He walks away, almost bumping into Melisandre as she enters Jon’s chambers.
SAM: Apologies, my Lady.
Sam and Melisandre both look at Jon. Jon nods at Sam, and he leaves. Melisandre closes the door behind him, and Jon straightens up his posture.
MELISANDRE: Lord Commander.
JON: How can I help you?
MELISANDRE: Come with us when we ride south. (Walks forwards). None of us know the castle as well as you do. Its hidden tunnels, its weaknesses, its people. Winterfell was your home once. Don't you want to chase the rats out of it? (Turns to Jon).
JON: Castle Black is my home now. Night's Watch takes no part in the wars of the Seven Kingdoms.
MELISANDRE: There's only one war. Life against death. Come. Let me show what you're fighting for. (Walks in front of Jon).
JON: You're gonna show me some vision in the fire. Forgive me, my Lady. But I don't trust in visions.
MELISANDRE: No visions. No magic. Just life.
She opens up her robes, naked underneath. She leans back, and takes Jon’s hand, slowly leading it up her body to cup her breast.
MELISANDRE: Do you feel my heart beating? This power in you, you resist it, and that's your mistake. Embrace it.
Melisandre smiles and looks down at Jon’s hand. Jon looks too. Realizing that she is no longer holding it there, he quickly pulls it away. Melisandre caresses Jon’s face and sits on his lap.
MELISANDRE: The Lord of Light made us male and female. Two parts of a greater whole. We are joining this power. Power to make life, power to make light, and power to cast shadows.
JON: I don't think Stannis would like that very much.
MELISANDRE: Then we shouldn't tell him. (Starts unbuttoning Jon’s coat).
JON: I can't.
MELISANDRE: Why?
JON: I swore a vow. (Melisandre looks at him incredulously). I loved another.
MELISANDRE: The dead don't need lovers. Only the living.
Jon keeps her from unbuttoning his coat any further, breathing heavily.
JON: I know. But I still love her.
Melisandre stands up, closes her robes, and walks away. After opening the door to leave, she turns to Jon.
MELISANDRE: You know nothing, Jon Snow.
Jon’s mouth opens a bit. She smirks and leaves.
INT. STANNIS’S ROOM
Stannis sits at his desk, reading something. There’s a knock at the door. After a moment, Shireen enters. Stannis looks up at her and then back down at his reading material. She closes the door. She smiles, but after Stannis doesn’t return her smile, she walks over to a nearby dresser and begins playing with the objects on top of it.
STANNIS: Are you lonely?
SHIREEN: (Turns around, holding something). Just bored.
STANNIS: My father used to tell me that boredom indicates a lack of inner resources.
SHIREEN: (Looks up). Were you bored a lot, too?
STANNIS: I know Castle Black is no place for a child, but I -
SHIREEN: I like it. (Walks to a table). I thought I'd be left at home. I know mother didn't want to bring me. (Picks up an X from the table).
STANNIS: Why do you say that?
SHIREEN: She told me, "I don't want to bring you."
Shireen fiddles with the objects in her hands. Stannis looks down.
STANNIS: She shouldn't have said that.
Shireen puts down the objects she was playing with, and turns to leave. Before opening the door, she turns back to Stannis.
SHIREEN: Are you ashamed of me, father?
Stannis looks up surprised. He puts down what he was doing. Shireen looks down.
STANNIS: When you were an infant, (Stands up and walks around his desk), the Dornish trailer landed on Dragonstone. His goods were junk except for one wooden doll. He'd even sewn a dress on it in the colors of our House. No doubt he'd heard of your birth, and assumed new fathers were easy targets. I still remember how you smiled when I put that doll in your cradle, (Shireen smiles), and you pressed it to your cheek. (Looks down. Shireen’s smile drops). By the time we burnt the doll, it was too late. (Walks to the table and adjusts the objects on it). I was told you would die. Or worse, the grayscale would go slow. (Turns to her). Let you grow just enough to know the world before taking it away from you. Everyone advised me to send you to the ruins of Valyria to live out your short life with the Stone men, before the sickness spread to the castle. I told them all to go to hell. (Shireen smiles). I called in every maester on this side of the world. Every healer, every apothecary. They stopped the disease and saved your life. Because you did not belong across the world with the bloody Stone men. (Walks towards her). You are the Princess Shireen of House Baratheon. And you are my daughter.
After a moment, Shireen hugs Stannis. At first hesitant, he hugs her back.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
INT. TOMBS UNDERNEATH WINTERFELL
Sansa lights a candle on a tomb. She then walks over to Lyanna’s tomb and places a candle in the hand of Lyanna’s statue. She then leans down to pick a dusty feather off of the ground. As she blows off the dust, a figure is seen approaching in the background.
BAELISH: I thought I might find you here. (Sansa turns to him). Your Aunt Lyanna.
SANSA: Father never talked about her. Sometimes I'd find him down here, lighting the candles. They say she was beautiful.
BAELISH: I saw her once. I was a boy, living with your mother's family. Lord Whent had a great tourney at Harrenhal. Everyone was there. The Mad King, your father, Robert Baratheon. And Lyanna, she was already promised to Robert. You can imagine what it was like for me, a boy from nowhere, with nothing to his name, watching these legendary men, tilting at the lists. The last two riders were Barristan Selmy and Rhaegar Targaryen. When Rhaegar won, everyone cheered for the prince. I remember the girls laughing when he took off his helmet and they saw that silver hair. How handsome he was. Until he rode right past his wife, Elia Martell, and all the smiles died. I've never seen so many people so quiet. He rode past his wife, and he lay a crown of winter roses in Lyanna's lap. Blue as frost. How many tens of thousands had to die because Rhaegar chose your aunt?
SANSA: Yes, he chose her… and then he kidnapped her and raped her.
BAELISH: Come. (Takes her arm). Let's speak somewhere the dead can't hear us. (They begin walking away).
SANSA: Dressed for riding?
BAELISH: I am.
SANSA: Where are you going?
BAELISH: King's Landing.
SANSA: King's Landing?
BAELISH: Cersei sent for me. (They stop). We must not let her sniff out any trouble.
SANSA: You can't leave me here!
BAELISH: I know how hard it is to live with people you despise, believe me. But it won't be for long.
SANSA: How do you know?
BAELISH: (They begin walking again). Stannis Baratheon garrisons at Castle Black. He'll march south to King's Landing before the winter snows block his way. But first, he has to take Winterfell.
SANSA: You don't know that.
BAELISH: I do. Once he liberates these lands from the Boltons he'll rally your father's bannermen to his cause. With the North behind him, Stannis can finally take the Iron Throne.
SANSA: You think he'll defeat the Boltons?
BAELISH: He has a larger army. He's the finest military commander in Westeros. A betting man would put his money on Stannis. (They stop). As it happens, I am a betting man.
SANSA: And if you're right?
BAELISH: Stannis takes Winterfell, he rescues you from the most despised family in the North. Grateful for your late father's courageous support for his claim, he names you Wardeness of the North.
SANSA: But I, I wouldn't… Wardeness of the North
BAELISH: You are the last surviving Stark. He needs you.
SANSA: What if you're wrong? What if Stannis never attacks Winterfell, or he does and the Boltons defeat him?
BAELISH: Then you will take this Bolton boy, Ramsay, and make him yours.
SANSA: I don't know how to do that.
BAELISH: Of course you do. He's already fallen for you.
SANSA: His father frightens me.
BAELISH: He should, he's a dangerous man. But even the most dangerous men can be outmaneuvered. And you’ve learnt to maneuver from the very best. (Puts a hand on her shoulder). I return before too long. (Puts a hand behind her head). You'll be strong without me. (She nods, and he kisses her). The North will be yours. Do you believe me?
SANSA: I expect I'll be a married woman by the time you return.
Baelish chuckles and pats her shoulder. He turns and leaves as Sansa watches him.
CUT TO: DORNE
EXT. BOAT
At night, Bronn and Jaime sit in a boat. Bronn rows to shore alone. Looking across at Jaime, Jaime holds up his fake hand. Bronn begrudgingly goes back to rowing alone. After they get to shore, they carry their boat in, and hide it in some tall grass. They then both walk away.
Jaime awakens to find Bronn standing over him with a knife. His eyes widens and he moves to the side as Bronn brings his knife down on a snake that was about to bite Jaime. Jaime looks at the snake and Bronn pulls his knife out of it.
BRONN: Breakfast.
Bronn and Jaime sit at a fire. Bronn cooks the snake while Jaime puts gloves on.
BRONN: That would have been a shit way to die.
JAIME: As far as I've seen, they're all shit ways to die.
BRONN: Aye. But your lot like to give the singers a good ending.
JAIME: I don't care what's sung about me when I'm dead.
BRONN: No? Two knights, off to rescue a princess. Sounds like a good song to me.
JAIME: Sounds like all the rest.
While Bronn is distracted eating, Jaime gets rid of his food.
JAIME: What about you? What shit way would you choose?
BRONN: In my own keep, drinking my own wine, watching my sons grovel for my fortune.
JAIME: How disappointing. I thought you'd have something more exciting planned.
BRONN: I've had an exciting life. I want my death to be boring. How do you want to go?
JAIME: In the arms of the woman I love.
BRONN: She want the same thing?
JAIME: Let's go.
They both get up and gather their things. Bronn stomps out the fire. The scene cuts to them walking through some tall grass later.
BRONN: The captain to that ship… What was he, Braavosi?
JAIME: Pentoshi.
BRONN: And he's headed to Oldtown?
JAIME: As I said. Why?
BRONN: What's to stop him from docking down the coast and telling the locals that Jaime Lannister's in Dorne?
JAIME: A bag of gold.
BRONN: I'm not sure you understand how much people hate your family in this part of the world.
JAIME: It was a heavy bag.
BRONN: And I bet he swore all kinds of oaths to get it. But you won't be around if he breaks them.
A horse neighs in the distance. Jaime looks around. A group of Dornish riders approach. Bronn and Jaime hide in the grass. Jaime watches the riders.
BRONN: How many you count?
JAIME: Four.
BRONN: How many you think you can take?
JAIME: One, if he's slow.
Bronn turns to look at the riders.
RIDER: Halt!
The rider holds up his hand, and the party stops, having spotted Jaime and Bronn’s footsteps.
BRONN: Fucked in the arse. (Both get up). Hiya! (The riders approach them). Morning, lads. Glad we found you.
RIDER: Who are you?
BRONN: Cooper. (Points to Jaime). This is Darnell.
RIDER: You're from King's Landing.
BRONN: Accent gave me away? Flea Bottom. Whelped and whipped.
RIDER: Why are you here?
BRONN: Our ship capsized in the night. We managed to swim ashore. It was a near thing, really.
JAIME: I thought the sharks would get us. (Bronn looks at him).
RIDER: There are no sharks in Dorne.
JAIME: I could have sworn those were shark fins.
BRONN: Dolphins maybe.
RIDER: Throw your swords in the sand.
BRONN: Boys, there's no need for this. Just, point us in the right direction. We'll find our way home.
RIDER: Swords in the sand! Now!
Bronn and Jaime look at each other. They pull out their swords. Bronn puts his down in the sand, and then flings a knife into the throat of a rider. He then kills another, stabbing him and knocking him off of his horse. A third charges him, and Bronn knocks him off of his horse as well. However, he survives. Bronn turns to Jaime.
BRONN: That one should be slow enough.
Bronn approaches the fourth and final rider. Jaime turns to the injured rider, who is revealed to be much larger than Jaime. They begin fighting. In the background, Bronn knocks the fourth rider off of his horse. As Jaime and the man fight, Jaime is slowly pushed back, down a hill. He falls over and begins rolling to escape his attacker. He loses his balance and his sword is knocked away. As the attacker brings his sword down to kill Jaime, Jaime brings his gold hand up to block it. The sword gets stuck in Jaime’s hand. As the attacker is stuck trying to remove the sword, Jaime picks his back up, kills him, and kicks him down the hill.
BRONN: Nice move! (Jaime turns to him).
JAIME: Luck.
BRONN: You had a wonderful teacher.
Bronn turns and walks away. Jaime looks back down the hill, and then to his hand. Failing to shake the sword off, he is forced to dislodge it by kicking it out of his own hand. Bronn is then seen cleaning his sword off on the clothes of one of the dead riders. He sheaths his sword as Jaime approaches.
BRONN: Always wanted a Dornish stallion. Beasts can run a day and night without tiring. We'll ride to the Water Gardens with a nice breeze in our face.
JAIME: First we need to bury these bodies.
BRONN: Birds have to eat too.
JAIME: Corpses raise questions, questions raise armies. We're not here to start a war.
BRONN: Do you know how long it will take us to dig all those holes?
JAIME: (Holding out his hand). I can't dig very well with one hand. Not at all, really.
Jaime walks away as Bronn’s face drops. He begins dragging a body.
EXT. BEACH
Elaria, in all black, swiftly rides down a beach on horseback. She approaches a tent. Nearby are some more horses, and in the tent are Nymeria, Obara, and Tyene. Tyene exits the tent to meet her as she dismounts.
TYENE: Nama!
Tyene and Elaria embrace.
ELARIA: Nym, Obara.
OBARA: Will it be war?
ELARIA: Prince Doran will weep for your father, but nothing else. We must avenge Oberyn ourselves.
OBARA: Without Doran we have no army to march against the Lannisters.
ELARIA: We don't need an army to start a war. (Drinks water). Queen Cersei loves her children, and we have one of them.
NYMERIA: We may have a problem.
Nymeria uses a whip to knock a bucket away. Underneath is the captain who brought Jaime and Bronn to Dorne, buried neck-deep in sand and covered in scorpions.
OBARA: A ship's captain, who found me in Planky Town, claiming he had information to sell. He told me he smuggled Jaime Lannister into Dorne.
ELARIA: He's come for Myrcella. If he gets to her before we do, we lose our only chance for revenge. You must choose. Doran's way and peace, or my way and war.
TYENE: (Walks towards her). I'm with you. Always. (Elaria puts a hand to her face).
ELARIA: Nym? (Nymeria nods). Obara?
OBARA: When I was a child, (Begins walking), Oberyn came to take me to court. I'd never seen this man, and yet he called himself my father. My mother wept, said I was too young, and a girl.
Oberyn tossed his spear at my feet and said, "Girl or boy, we fight our battles. But the Gods let us choose our weapons." My father pointed to the spear, and then to my mother's tears.
Obara picks up a spear that was sticking out of the sand. She twirls it around for a moment, and then tosses it through the captain’s head, killing him.
OBARA: (Smiles). I made my choice long ago.
Elaria and Tyene smile.
CUT TO: EXT. BOAT AT SEA
Jorah steers the boat as Tyrion, tied up and gagged, tries to speak. He only succeeds in mumbling. Eventually he stops trying to say real words, and instead only tries to be as loud as possible, to annoy Jorah. Jorah comes over and ungags him, and then walks back over to continue steering.
TYRION: Thank you. (After a long pause). Who are you?
JORAH: Your captor.
TYRION: Do you have wine?
JORAH: No.
TYRION: I can't sleep without wine.
JORAH: Then stay awake.
TYRION: You're going the wrong way. My sister's in Westeros. Westeros is west! We're heading east.
JORAH: I'm not taking you to your sister.
TYRION: You said you were taking me to the Queen.
JORAH: I am. Queen Daenerys Targaryen. She's the Queen I serve.
TYRION: (Chuckles). What a waste of a good kidnapping. So happens I was heading there myself!
JORAH: What business would you have with the Queen?
TYRION: Gold and glory. Oh, and hate. If you've ever met my sister, you'd understand. So now that it's clear we're on the same side? (Holds out his hands expectantly. Jorah makes no move to respond). A high born knight from the North of Westeros, down on his luck in Essos. Dragon epaulettes? Bear sigil breast plate. You're Jorah Mormont. I have to ask how, exactly, were you serving your Queen in a whore house, half a world away? Is it possible, that you were running? Why would you be running? And why would she have sent you away? Oh, wait! You were spying on her, weren't you? It's all coming back to me! I was drunk through most of the Small Council meetings, but it's all coming back. You passed notes to Varys's little birds. She found out, didn't she? Found out, and exiled you. (Jorah looks downtrodden). And now you hope to win back her favor with a gift. A risky scheme. One might even say, desperate. Do you think Daenerys would execute me, and pardon you? I'd say the reverse is just as likely.
Jorah stops steering and approaches Tyrion. Tyrion holds out his hands again, but Jorah strikes him, knocking him unconscious. He then goes back to steering, looking worried.
CUT TO: YUNKAI
EXT. BALCONY OVERLOOKING THE CITY
Daenerys and Ser Barristan stand on the balcony.
DAENERYS: Everyone looks happy enough from up here. (Barristan chuckles). What?
BARRISTAN: I was thinking of all the times your brother made me go with him down from the Red Keep, into the streets of King's Landing.
DAENERYS: Why?
BARRISTAN: He liked to walk among the people, he liked to sing to them.
DAENERYS: He sang to them?
BARRISTAN: Yes. Rhaegar would take a spot on the Hook or the Street of Seeds and then he'd sing. Just like all the other minstrels.
DAENERYS: And what did you do?
BARRISTAN: I made sure no one killed him. And I collected the money. (Daenerys looks surprised). Well he liked to see how much he could make.
DAENERYS: He was good?
BARRISTAN: He was very good. Viserys never told you?
DAENERYS: He told me Rhaegar was good at killing people. (Sits down).
BARRISTAN: Rhaegar never liked killing. He loved singing.
DAENERYS: And what did you do with the money?
BARRISTAN: Well, one time, he gave it to the next minstrel down the street. One time, he gave it to an orphanage in Flea Bottom. One time... we got horribly drunk. (They both laugh).
DARIO: (Entering). Your Grace. Hizdahr is here, waiting in your audience chamber.
DAENERYS: How many others are there?
DARIO: Fifty a hundred.
DAENERYS: Will you be joining us, Ser Barristan?
DARIO: I think I can protect you from Hizdahr Zo Loraq.
DAENERYS: I think I can protect me from Hizdahr Zo Loraq. Go, Ser Barristan. Sing a song for me.
BARRISTAN: Your Grace. (Leaves).
INT. AUDIENCE CHAMBER
HIZDAHR: All men must die. But not all can die in glory.
MISSANDEI: Glory?
HIZDAHR: Why else do men fight? Why did your ancestors cross the Narrow Sea and conquer the Seven Kingdoms? So their names would live on. Those who find victory in the fighting pits, will never become kings, but their names will live on. It's the best chance they'll ever have.
DAENERYS: Is that what you used to tell men before you set them to butchering each other for sport?
HIZDAHR: Your Grace, today is the traditional start of the fighting season.
DAENERYS: I do not recognize this tradition.
HIZDAHR: Traditions are the only thing that will hold this city, your city, together. (Shots of Sons of the Harpy walking through tunnels with torches). Without them, former slaves and former masters have nothing in common. Nothing but centuries of mistrust and resentment. I can't promise this is the answer to all our problems, but it's a start.
EXT. MARKETPLACE
A prostitute and a soldier laugh with each other. Another soldier talks with some women. Some Sons of the Harpy kill all of the soldiers in the area, causing panic. In a nearby alley, some Unsullied march. Hearing the chaos, they begin running towards the market. They find the prostitute crying over the body of the dead soldier.
WOMAN: (Speaking another language) Sons of the Harpy.
She gestures in the direction the sons went. The Unsullied run in that direction. When they are out of view, she stops her act and wipes the tears away. The Unsullied enter a corridor, expecting to catch the sons. Instead, they themselves are ambushed from every direction by Sons of the Harpy. After a tense few moments, a fight breaks out. During the fight, one of the Unsullied’s helmet is knocked off, and is revealed to be Grey Worm. Another fight breaks out elsewhere. The two Unsullied there are killed almost immediately. Barristan walks down an alley and, upon noticing the chaos, heads to the fighting. Grey Worm is badly injured, and with his party killed, also badly outnumbered. Unsullied are shown being killed elsewhere. Grey Worm continues holding off the sons, and Barristan arrives to assist him. They are able to kill all of the sons, but are both seriously injured in the process. They fall unconscious, and the camera pans up to show them surrounded by all of the dead sons and Unsullied.
END EPISODE
TITLE SEQUENCEINT. ROOM
Grey Worm lays in a bed, asleep. Missandei stands over him, crying.
INT. THRONE ROOM
The room is dark, except for some candles. Daenerys and Daario stand over the body of Barristan. Hizdahr enters with two men.
HIZDAHR: I am so sorry, my queen. He was a good man.
DAENERYS: "Barristan the Bold" they called him. He crossed a continent to serve me. He was a loyal friend. And he died in an alley, butchered by cowards who hide behind masks.
DAARIO: We could pull back to the pyramid district, secure it, and use it as a base from which to operate. Then we clean the city out, neighborhood by neighborhood, street by street, until the rats have nowhere left to hide.
Daario walks over the Daenerys and looks at Hizdahr. He looks back. Daenerys turns around.
DAENERYS: I prefer your earlier suggestion. Round up the leaders of each of Meereen's great families and bring them to me.
HIZDAHR: But... I'm the leader of my family.
Daario nods. The two men behind Hizdahr grab and restrain him. He is taken away.
HIZDAHR: No, Your Grace! I had nothing to do with this. Your Grace!
INT. DRAGON CHAMBER
Daenerys, Daario, some Unsullied, and a number of men stand in the chamber. Daario holds a torch. After a few moments, Daenerys turns around and begins walking. Daario follows her. Then a chain can be heard rattling. Daenerys and Daario turn around.
DAENERYS: (in Valyrian) Walk forward.
The Unsullied lower their spears at the other men.
MAN: (Valyrian) You cannot do this.
The Unsullied begin walking forward, forcing the men to move. After a few moments, they stop. Chains rattle again.
DAENERYS: (Valyrian) Another step.
The Unsullied and the men take another step. Chains rattle and an unseen dragon snarls. Daenerys walks through the Unsullied to the front of the group.
DAENERYS: (Valyrian) They will eat you, if I tell them to. They may eat you even if I don’t. Children. Some say I should give up on them. (One of the men is mumbling). But a good mother never gives up on her children. She disciplines them if she must.
Daenerys looks at Daario. He walks over and pushes the mumbling man forward, onto his knees.
DAENERYS: (Valyrian) But she does not give up on them.
The man’s eyes widen. A dragon comes out of the shadows and breathes fire on him. He screams and dies. The dragons take his corpse, tear it in two, and eat it.
DAENERYS: (Valyrian) Who is innocent? Maybe all of you are, (Looks at Hizdahr), maybe none of you are. Maybe, (Touching Hizdahr’s arm), I should let the dragons decide.
HIZDAHR: (Valyrian) All men must die.
The other men besides Hizdahr grovel before Daenerys. The dragons continue eating. After a moment, she takes her hand off of Hizdahr.
DAENERYS: Don't want to overfeed them. Tomorrow perhaps.
Daario and the Unsullied take the men out. Daenerys watches her dragons eat for a moment, and then walks out herself.
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK
INT. LIBRARY
Sam sits at a table, reading a letter. Aemon is with him.
SAM: "And though Daenerys maintains her grip on Slaver's Bay, forces rise against her from within and without. She refuses to leave until the freedom of the former slaves is secure." She sounds like quite a woman.
AEMON: And she's alone, under siege, no family to guide her or protect her. Her last relation thousands of miles away, useless, dying.
SAM: Don't say that, Maester Aemon.
AEMON: A Targaryen, alone in the world, is a terrible thing.
Jon walks in.
JON: Maester Aemon.
AEMON: Lord Commander.
JON: Sam, I'd like to speak to the maester alone.
Sam gets up, grabs his papers, and leaves. Jon walks over and sits at the table.
JON: How are you feeling?
AEMON: Oh, like a hundred-year-old man slowly freezing to death.
JON: I need your advice. There's something I want to do, something I have to do. But it'll divide the Night's Watch. Bitterly. Half the men will hate me the moment I give the order.
AEMON: Half the men hate you already, Lord Commander. Do it.
JON: But you don't know what it is.
AEMON: That doesn't matter. You do. You will find little joy in your command. But with luck, you will find the strength to do what needs to be done. Kill the boy, Jon Snow. Winter is almost upon us. Kill the boy, and let the man be born.
INT. ROOM
Jon and Tormund sit across from each other at a table.
JON: Where are the rest of the free folk now? (Tormund scoffs). Where have they gone? (No response). Who leads them?
TORMUND: They followed Mance. They won't follow anyone else.
JON: What about you?
TORMUND: Hard to lead when you're in chains.
JON: What if I unchained you?
TORMUND: Why would you do that?
JON: Because you are not my enemy. And I'm not yours.
TORMUND: You sure seemed like my enemy when you were killing my friends.
JON: For 8,000 years the Night's Watch have sworn an oath to be the shield that guards the realms of men. And for 8,000 years we've fallen short of that oath. You belong to the realms of men. All of you.
TORMUND: And now everything is going to change?
JON: It is.
TORMUND: Why now?
JON: Because now, (Leans forward), I am Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.
TORMUND: What would you have me do, (Leans forward), Lord Commander?
JON: (Stands up). I'd have you go north of the Wall. Gather the remaining free folk wherever they are and bring them back here. I'll open the gates for them and let them through. I'll find them lands to settle south of the Wall.
TORMUND: They won't kneel for you and neither will I.
JON: I don't want them to kneel for me. I want them to fight with me when the time comes.
TORMUND: The day I ask my people to fight with the crows is the day my people cut my guts from my belly and make me eat them.
JON: And how many of your people can't fight? The women, the children, the old, the sick, what happens to them? You're condemning them to death. Worse than death because you're too proud to make peace. Or maybe you're not proud. Maybe you're just a coward.
TORMUND: (Stands up). Easy thing to say to a man in chains.
Jon unchains Tormund. Tormund’s eyes widen as he feels his hands.
JON: Your people need a leader. And they need to get south of the Wall before it's too late. We don't have much time and they have less. The walkers are coming and they'll hit your people first. I'm not asking you to make peace to save your skin. Make peace to save your people.
TORMUND: Most of them are at Hardhome. You know where that is?
JON: Up on Storrold's Point. I can give you 10 horses and nine other men. You can get there in a week.
TORMUND: We'll need ships.
JON: I'll talk to King Stannis about lending you his fleet.
TORMUND: All right, then. You're coming with me. You're the Lord Commander of the Night's Watch. They need to hear it from you. They need to know the ships they are boarding won’t be torched in the middle of the sea. You come with me, or I don't go.
INT. DINING HALL
The Night’s Watchmen present talk amongst themselves. Stannis and Davos are present. Jon stands at a table in the front of the room with Allister and two others. One of them addresses Jon.
MAN 1: You'd bring wildlings here, through our gates?
JON: Men, women, and children will die by the thousands if we do nothing.
MAN 1: Let them die. We got our own to worry about. Less enemies for us.
Some of the men in the crowd cheer.
STANNIS: Fewer.
DAVOS: What?
STANNIS: Nothing.
SAM: (Standing up) There is good farmland in the Gift. (Laughter). Land that no one uses now. A dozen abandoned villages.
MAN 2: And why do you think the farmers abandoned those villages? Because the wildlings raided them for years. Cut them down! Just like they did this boy's people.
The man points to Olly, who lowers his head. Sam sits down.
ALLISTER: We've been fighting them all for thousands of years. They've slaughtered villages. They've slaughtered our brothers.
JON: And we've slaughtered theirs.
EDD: I will follow you anywhere, you know that. But they killed Grenn. And they killed Pyp. (Men mumble in agreement). They killed 50 of our brothers. I can't forget that. I can't forgive it.
JON: You were at the Fist of the First Men. If we abandon them, you know what they become. We can learn to live with the wildlings or we can add them to the army of the dead. Whatever they are now, they're better than that.
The men in the room return to bickering loudly.
INT. LORD COMMANDER’S ROOM
Jon walks in, takes off his coat, and puts his hands on his desk. Olly knocks and walks in with a plate of food, and sets it down.
JON: Thank you. (Olly walks away). Olly. (He stops). If you have something you want to say to me, say it. It's all right.
OLLY: You don't mean it, do you? Telling the wildlings you want to make peace. You're just doing it to trick them.
JON: It's not a trick.
OLLY: They burned my village. They put an arrow through my father's head right in front of me. They butchered my mother, everyone I ever knew.
JON: I know what it's like to lose the people you love. I know this is hard for you. But winter is coming. We know what's coming with it. We can't face it alone.
OLLY: Will there be anything else you need, Lord Commander?
JON: No.
Olly leaves. Jon sighs.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
EXT. COURTYARD
Podrick walks carrying some supplies. He enters a building. Inside, Brienne stares out of a window. Podrick sets down the supplies.
PODRICK: She's far away from the Lannisters. This is her home. Maybe Lady Sansa is better off here.
BRIENNE: (Turns around). Better off with the Boltons who murdered her mother and brother? Sansa's in danger even if she doesn't realize it.
A man enters with some water and a towel.
BRIENNE: Thank you. You've lived here a long time?
MAN: Aye.
BRIENNE: Did you know Lord Eddard?
MAN: I knew him and his father before him. The Starks are gone now.
BRIENNE: Not all of them. I know who's inside that castle.
MAN: Everyone knows. The Boltons.
BRIENNE: I'm not talking about the Boltons. I need to get a message to her. To Sansa Stark.
MAN: Who are you?
BRIENNE: Someone who swore to keep her safe.
MAN: Swore to who?
BRIENNE: Her mother.
MAN: Her mother's dead.
BRIENNE: That doesn't release me from an oath. I served Lady Catelyn. I serve her still. Who do you serve?
INT. RAMSAY’S CHAMBERS
Myranda stands naked in front of a window.
RAMSAY: Come back here. Myranda.
MYRANDA: I saw you staring at her.
RAMSAY: I'm going to marry her. That will involve looking at her from time to time.
MYRANDA: You said you'd marry me.
RAMSAY: And I meant it. When I was a bastard named Snow. But I'm a Bolton now. What I want is no longer the primary consideration. I'm furthering a dynasty.
MYRANDA: Do you think she's pretty?
RAMSAY: Of course I do. I'm not blind.
Ramsay sighs and gets up. He walks over to Myranda and grabs her waist.
RAMSAY: You think she's pretty, too. I'm looking forward to our wedding night. But don't worry, I'll have plenty of time for you.
MYRANDA: Perhaps I'll marry, too.
RAMSAY: (Laughs). You're the kennel master's daughter. Who are you going to marry, the stable keeper's son? (She tries to hit him, but he restrains her). You're mine. You're not going anywhere. Unless I have to listen to more of your jealousy. Jealousy bores me. You remember what happens to people who bore me. You're not going to bore me, are you, Myranda?
After a moment, Myranda kisses him. She then bites down hard on his lower lip, causing it to bleed.
MYRANDA: (Smiles). Never.
Ramsay smiles back. They begin having sex.
INT. SANSA’S CHAMBERS
Sansa sits alone at a table. There’s a knock on the door. She turns, gets up, and opens it. An old servant woman comes in.
WOMAN: Beg pardon, my lady. I've come to refill the wash basin.
SANSA: Oh, I don't need-
WOMAN: (Closes the door). You still have friends in the North. If you're ever in trouble, light a candle in the highest window of the broken tower.
SANSA: But who -
WOMAN: You're not alone.
The woman leaves, and closes the door.
EXT. OUTSIDE
Sansa walks through the snow, looking up at the broken tower. Myranda approaches her.
MYRANDA: I like your dress. Who made it for you?
SANSA: I made it myself.
MYRANDA: Really?
SANSA: Who, who are you?
MYRANDA: I'm Myranda, the kennel master's daughter. May I? (Takes Sansa’s arm and inspects her sleeve). Oh, wonderful. The stitching. Who taught you?
SANSA: My mother. (Pulls away).
MYRANDA: I'm sorry for what happened to her.
SANSA: Thank you.
MYRANDA: It's good that she taught you. It was a gift. Now every time you wear something you made, you can remember her.
SANSA: I'd rather have a mother.
MYRANDA: I know. It's not the same. Still, it's good to remember. Remember the way things were. I almost forgot. There's something else to help you remember.
INT. DUNGEON ENTRANCE
Myranda opens the gate and lets Sansa in. Some dogs bark.
MYRANDA: Down there at the end.
SANSA: What is it?
MYRANDA: That would spoil the surprise. Go ahead, it's perfectly safe. You won't believe it when you see it.
The dogs continue barking and growling. Sansa walks down the aisle of cages. Most contain dogs. Sansa looks behind to see Myranda has disappeared. She comes to the last cage, which is open. Inside is Theon, on the floor. He gets up and notices her.
SANSA: Theon?
THEON: You shouldn't be here.
She looks at him angrily. He backs away from her. She leaves.
INT. RAMSAY’S CHAMBERS
Theon unties Ramsay’s jacket.
RAMSAY: You smell particularly ripe this evening. Pour me some wine.
Theon walks over to a table and pours some wine. He then brings it over to Ramsay, who drinks it.
RAMSAY: Do you have something to tell me?
THEON: No, my lord.
RAMSAY: Reek.
THEON: (Stuttering). She saw me.
RAMSAY: Who?
THEON: Sansa. Lady Sansa. She came to the kennels.
RAMSAY: She saw you?
THEON: Yes. I'm sorry, master. Forgive me. I didn't think -
RAMSAY: Come here.
Theon walks forward. Ramsay holds his chin.
RAMSAY: You mustn't keep secrets from me, Reek. Get on your knees.
Theon gets on his knees. Ramsay sips his wine, and then puts it aside. Theon looks down.
RAMSAY: Give me your hand.
Theon hesitantly holds his hand up. As Ramsay takes it, Theon begins stammering. After a moment, Ramsay cups Theon’s hand with his own hands.
RAMSAY: I forgive you.
Theon looks up. Ramsay smiles.
INT. DINING HALL
Sansa, Ramsay, Roose, and Walda sit at a table, eating.
ROOSE: I trust you find your chamber suitable, my lady.
SANSA: Yes, thank you, my lord.
RAMSAY: Allow me.
Ramsay pours Sansa some wine.
RAMSAY: Mother.
WALDA: Thank you, Ramsay.
He pours her some wine as well. She smiles. Ramsay gets up and holds his wine up.
RAMSAY: My lady, we are all a family, we northerners. Our blood ties go back thousands of years. So I'd like to drink to our wedding. May our happiness spread from Moat Cailin to the Last Hearth.
ROOSE: (Raises his cup). To your wedding.
WALDA: (Raises her cup). To your wedding.
Ramsay takes a large sip of wine. Sansa puts her own glass down. Ramsay sits down.
WALDA: It must be difficult for you being in a strange place.
SANSA: This isn't a strange place. This is my home. It's the people who are strange.
RAMSAY: You're right. Very strange. More wine, please.
Theon enters the room with some wine. Sansa looks away.
THEON: (Turns around). Yes, master.
RAMSAY: That's his new name, Reek.
SANSA: Why are you doing this?
RAMSAY: Because Reek has something to say to you. Don't you, Reek? (He gestures Theon over). An apology. Apologize to Lady Sansa for what you did. Apologize for murdering her two brothers.
Theon shakes his head "no" when Ramsay looks away
THEON: (After a moment, stuttering). I'm sorry.
RAMSAY: Look at her, Reek. An apology doesn't mean anything if you're not looking the person in the eye.
THEON: I'm sorry.
RAMSAY: Sorry about what?
THEON: For killing your brothers.
RAMSAY: There, over and done with. Doesn't everyone feel better? I do. That was getting very tense. Whew. (Theon turns to leave). You know what, my lady? What with him having murdered your brothers and the rest of your family gone Reek here is the nearest thing to living kin that you have left. Reek. You will give away the bride. Someone has to. What better person? Good? Good?
ROOSE: Yes, yes, very good.
RAMSAY: Wonderful. (Sips wine).
ROOSE: Walda and I have some good news as well, since we're all together.
WALDA: We're going to have a baby.
SANSA: I'm very happy for you.
ROOSE: From the way she's carrying, Maester Wolkan says it looks like a boy.
Ramsay sips some wine and angrily sets his cup down. Sansa looks at him smugly.
INT. ROOSE’S WAR ROOM
Ramsay and Roose sit at a war table.
RAMSAY: How can you be sure?
ROOSE: Sure of what?
RAMSAY: That she's pregnant. I mean how can you tell?
ROOSE: Maester Wolkan has assured us beyond all doubt.
Ramsay gets up and walks around to the other side of the table, wine in hand.
RAMSAY: So how did you manage it?
ROOSE: Manage what?
RAMSAY: Getting her pregnant.
ROOSE: I imagine you're familiar with the procedure.
RAMSAY: Of course, but how did you find it?
ROOSE: You disgraced yourself at dinner, parading that creature before the Stark girl.
RAMSAY: And if it's a boy?
ROOSE: You're worried about your position.
RAMSAY: My position is quite clear. I'm your son until a better alternative comes along.
Ramsay finished his wine and goes to get more.
ROOSE: You've never asked me about your mother.
RAMSAY: Why would I? She had me, she died. And here we are.
ROOSE: She was a peasant girl. Pretty in a common sort of way. She was the miller's wife. Apparently they had married without my knowledge or consent. So I had him hanged and I took her beneath the tree where he was swaying. She fought me the whole time. She was lucky I didn't hang her, too. A year later she came to my gates with a squalling baby in her arms. A baby she claimed was mine. I nearly had her whipped and the child thrown in the river. (Stands up). But then I looked at you and I saw then what I see now. You are my son. (After a moment). Stannis Baratheon has an army at Castle Black. But he won't stay for long. He wants the Iron Throne, and the road to King's Landing comes right through Winterfell. He means to take the North. But the North is ours. It's yours and mine. Will you help me defeat him?
RAMSAY: Yes.
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK
INT. LIBRARY
Gilly walks through the bookshelves, examining them. Sam sits at the table reading.
GILLY: Is this every book there is?
SAM: Every book there is?
GILLY: In the world.
SAM: Well, no. There are thousands and thousands of books out there. This library is rather small, actually.
GILLY: Where you grew up, were there more books?
SAM: My father's not the most literate man. They say the Citadel has the largest library in the world.
GILLY: Where's that?
SAM: The Citadel? In Oldtown.
GILLY: I'm sorry I don't know things.
SAM: Gilly, look at me. You know how to do a hundred things I can never do. You can build a fire with wet wood. You can cook. You can stitch a wound.
GILLY: I can wash the linens. I can sweep the floor.
SAM: Well -
GILLY: Why does the Citadel have the biggest library?
SAM: It's where they train the maesters.
GILLY: Like Maester Aemon?
SAM: I wanted to be one when I was young. Instead, I became a man of the Night's Watch. Far more adventure up here anyway. I wouldn't have met you.
Stannis enters the library. Sam stands up.
SAM: Ah, Your Grace.
Gilly quickly exits.
STANNIS: You're Samwell Tarly?
SAM: I am, Your Grace.
STANNIS: Your father is Randyll Tarly. He defeated my brother at the Battle of Ashford. Only battle Robert ever lost. I told him he shouldn't go so far west so soon, but he never listened. Fine soldier, your father. You don't look like a soldier. But I'm told you killed a white walker.
SAM: I did, Your Grace.
STANNIS: How?
SAM: With a dagger made of dragonglass.
STANNIS: Dragonglass?
SAM: What the maesters call obsidian -
STANNIS: I know what it is. We have it in Dragonstone. Why would obsidian kill a walker?
SAM: I don't know. I've been going through all the old manuscripts hoping to find something, and all I've learned is that the children of the forest used to hunt with dragonglass.
STANNIS: The Lady Melisandre told me that death marches on the Wall.
SAM: I've seen it, Your Grace.
STANNIS: Seen what?
SAM: The army of the dead. And when they come -
STANNIS: We have to know how to fight them. (After a moment). Keep reading, Samwell Tarly.
Stannis leaves.
INT. DINING HALL
Davos carves away at a piece of wood. Stannis approaches him.
STANNIS: It's time.
DAVOS: Uh, Your Grace. Wouldn't it be better to wait? When Jon Snow returns with the wildlings, we could have thousands more men.
STANNIS: If Jon Snow returns with the wildlings. We can't wait that long. We have the advantage, more men, more horses, all fed and rested. But every day we wait, the odds shift in Bolton's favor. This could turn to winter at any moment. We have to act now. Give the order. We march at sunrise.
DAVOS: I'll choose a dozen men to stay and guard the queen and the princess.
STANNIS: No need, they're coming with us.
DAVOS: It's a tough road ahead, Your Grace. Won't they be safer -
STANNIS: Here? Half these watchmen are killers and rapists. No, they march with us.
They walk outside.
DAVOS: As you wish, Your Grace.
Stannis walks away. Davos spots Melisandre.
Stannis’s men prepare to ride out. Sam and Gilly watch. Gilly holds baby Sam. Olly, Edd, and some other watchmen are also shown watching.
SHIREEN: (On horseback). Do you think Father will let me go down into the crypt?
DAVOS: Beg your pardon?
SHIREEN: At Winterfell. All the Kings in the North are buried there. Bran the Builder and King Dorren and-
DAVOS: First things first. It's a long march ahead. And then we have to take the castle.
SHIREEN: Is there going to be a battle?
DAVOS: Aye, princess, but you won't be anywhere near -
SELYSE: That's enough talk of battle, Ser Davos. You'll scare the child.
DAVOS: Yes, my queen.
SHIREEN: I'm not scared.
DAVOS: Well, I am. When the battle comes, promise you'll protect me.
SHIREEN: (Smiling). I promise.
Shireen looks back at Gilly. Selyse catches her, and she looks down and away. Jon walks through the courtyard. He and Stannis meet on some stairs.
STANNIS: I hope you know what you're doing with these wildlings. I need those ships.
JON: You'll get them back, I swear it. Have a safe journey, Your Grace. And thank you.
Jon watches Stannis walk away and get on his horse. He makes eye contact with Melisandre, but she looks away. Stannis and his army begin leaving.
CUT TO: MEEREN
INT. GREY WORM’S ROOM
Missandei watches over Grey Worm. He suddenly gets up, startling her.
MISSANDEI:  You're still too weak. (He lays back down).
GREY WORM: (Valyrian) How long have I been here?
MISSANDEI: (Valyrian) Three days.
He looks at her. His face is bruised.
GREY WORM: Ser Barristan?
Missandei shakes her head.
GREY WORM: (Valyrian) I failed him. I failed my men, I failed my queen.
MISSANDEI: (Valyrian) You failed no one. You fought bravely. You’ll fight again. (In Common Tongue) Are you ashamed? You were ambushed, outnumbered. There was no way you could have known.
GREY WORM: This is not why. Wounded in war, there is no shame for this. I am ashamed because when the knife go in and I fall to the ground, I am afraid.
MISSANDEI: All men fear death.
GREY WORM: No, not death. I fear I never again see Missandei from the Island of Naath.
Missandei looks down, on the verge of tears. She gets up and lies down in the bed with him, caressing his face, and then kissing him.
INT. DAENERYS’S CHAMBERS
Missandei and Daenerys stand, talking.
MISSANDEI: Now you have given the Masters what they deserve.
DAENERYS: If I give everyone what they deserve, I'll have no one left to rule. Ser Barristan counseled mercy when I took this city right up to the morning he died. Daario Naharis thinks I should kill the former Masters and let the rest of the city fend for itself. What do you think?
MISSANDEI: Your Grace, I think that I am not fit to have an opinion on these matters.
DAENERYS: (Sitting down). You are as fit as anyone I know. You know why I'm here. And you know who will suffer the most if this all falls apart. So what do you think?
MISSANDEI: I can only tell you what I have seen, Your Grace. (Sitting down). I have seen you listen to your counselors. I have seen you lean on their experience when your own was lacking and weigh the choices they put before you. And I have seen you ignore your counselors, because there was a better choice. One that only you could see.
INT. DUNGEONS
Daenerys is led by Unsullied to a room in a dungeon. The door is opened to reveal Hizdahr. She enters, and he kneels before her.
HIZDAHR: My, my queen, please do not do this.
DAENERYS: What about "Valar Morghulis"?
HIZDAHR: I did not want to die a coward. Apparently I do not want to die at all. (Sniffles).
DAENERYS: It takes courage to admit fear. And to admit a mistake. I came here to tell you that I was wrong. I was wrong and you were right. About tradition. About bringing the people of this city together. I will reopen the fighting pits. To free men only. Slavery will never return to Meereen, not while I live.
HIZDAHR: Yes, my queen.
DAENERYS: And in order to forge a lasting bond with the Meereenese people, I will marry the leader of an ancient family. (Hizdahr nods). Thankfully a suitor is already on his knees.
Hizdahr looks surprised. Daenerys faintly smiles, and then leaves. Hizdahr is left in the cell, with the door wide open.
CUT TO: SEA
EXT. JORAH’S BOAT
Tyrion wakes up and feels his head.
TYRION: Don't worry. I'll be fine. Nothing broken, I don't think. Where are we now? Not the Rhoyne. (No response). Long, sullen silences and an occasional punch in the face. The Mormont way. Let's start over. I apologize for before. My mouth sometimes runs away from me. This doesn't have to be an unpleasant trip. We're going to be spending a lot of time together on the way to Meereen.
JORAH: We are.
TYRION: What would make our time together truly enjoyable would be some wine.
JORAH: No wine.
TYRION: I am a person who drinks. People who drink need to keep drinking. Otherwise, they're not…
Jorah stands up and looks ahead. Tyrion turns as well. A large bank of fog lies ahead of the boat.
TYRION: I know where we are. You're taking us through Valyria.
JORAH: I am.
TYRION: Have you sailed this route before?
JORAH: No.
TYRION: You're going to bring Daenerys a souvenir from her ancestral homeland in case I'm not enough?
JORAH: I think you'll be plenty.
TYRION: You know what they say. The Doom still rules Valyria. What about the demons and the flames? Aren't you afraid of the Doom?
JORAH: No. But the pirates are.
TYRION: Oh.
EXT. RIVER SURROUNDED BY WOODS
TYRION: The Smoking Sea. How many centuries before we learn how to build cities like this again? Thousands of years the Valyrians were the best in the world at almost everything. And then -
JORAH: And then they weren't.
TYRION: And then they weren't. "They held each other close and turned their backs upon the end. The hills that split asunder and the black that ate the skies; The flames that shot so high and hot that even dragons burned; Would never be the final sights that fell upon their eyes. A fly upon a wall, the waves the sea wind whipped and churned -"
JORAH: "The city of a thousand years, and all that men had learned; The Doom consumed it all alike, and neither of them turned."
TYRION: I would clap.
He holds up his bound hands. Jorah smirks.
TYRION: I suppose this is it, then. This is what remains.
They look at the approaching ruins of the city. Suddenly Tyrion spots Drogon passing overhead. He stands up. Both of them look up and watch as he passes. Behind Tyrion, someone hops in the water. Jorah hears the splash and turns to see the ripples.
TYRION: What was that?
The boat passes into a tunnel. A Stone Man jumps down into the boat from the ceiling.
JORAH: Stone Men! Don't let them touch you!
Jorah hits the stone man from behind before he gets to Tyrion. They begin fighting. Another stone man jumps into the water and begins trying to get on the boat. Tyrion tries to keep him off. Jorah manages to push the first man into the water. He then begins fighting the other one.
JORAH: Get behind!
TYRION: Mormont, cut me free! (Jorah falls into the water). Mormont!
Jorah climbs back onto the boat and fights off the stone man. He manages to get his sword and cuts the stone man. The other stone man inches his way towards Tyrion.
TYRION: Mormont! Mormont!
Jorah cuts through the stone man he was fighting and pushes him into the water. Tyrion rolls into the water to avoid the other one. He desperately tries to remove the rope around his hands. A stone man grabs his ankle and begins attempting to pull him down. The screen fades to black. After a few moments, we see Tyrion’s perspective. Jorah stands over him as his eyes slowly blink open.
EXT. SHORE
JORAH: (Faintly). Tyrion? Tyrion. Tyrion. Tyrion. You're all right.
Tyrion looks around. Jorah helps him up. He unsheathes his knife and cuts Tyrion’s binds.
JORAH: You're heavier than you look. Did any of them touch you?
TYRION: (Shakes his head). You? (Jorah shakes his head). I've seen greyscale before, but nothing like that.
JORAH: I suppose that's why they send them there.
TYRION: It'd be kinder to put daggers in their hearts and be done with it. (Jorah spits). Thank you for saving me. Of course, I wouldn't have needed saving if you hadn't kidnapped me in the first place. (Jorah gets up). So what now?
JORAH: We walk, up the coast. With luck, we'll find a fishing village. Maybe another boat.
TYRION: Without luck?
JORAH: We've got a long walk ahead of us. I'll get some wood for a fire. Try to get some rest, huh?
TYRION: That's the best idea you've had all day.
Jorah walks away. After looking out for a moment, he stops, and pulls up his sleeve. He examines his wrist, which has the beginnings of greyscale. After a moment, he begins walking again.
Arya cleans, washes, and covers three different bodies. Two Faceless Men come in to carry the body away. Arya tries to follow them but the waif closes and locks the door.
ARYA: What are they doing with the bodies?
WAIF: Get back to work.
ARYA: No! I’ve been here for weeks. I’m not scrubbing one more corpse until you tell me why I’m doing it.
WAIF: You will know why.
ARYA: When?
WAIF: When it’s time. Not before. Get back to work.
ARYA: When do I get to play the game?
WAIF: Game?
ARYA: The game. The game of faces.
WAIF: You tried already. You failed.
ARYA: I didn’t even know I was playing.
WAIF: Who are you?
ARYA: No one.
WAIF: Get back to work.
ARYA: Well who are you? What are you doing here? How’d you get here?
WAIF: I’m from Westeros. Just like you. Daughter of a Lord. Just like you. Except I was an only child. Heir to his fortune. My mother died. My father remarried and his new wife gave birth to a girl. My stepmother didn’t want any rivals for her precious daughter so she tried to kill me with poison. I found out, sought help from the Faceless Men and my father was widowed again. I’ve been serving them ever since.
beat
WAIF: Was that true or a lie?
ARYA: What?
WAIF: Did you believe every word I said?
Arya is unsure.
WAIF: Get back to work.
Arya is asleep.
JAQEN: Who are you?
Arya wakes up and turns to him.
JAQEN: Who are you?
ARYA: Arya.
JAQEN: And where did you come from?
ARYA: Westeros. My family home is Winterfell. I’m the youngest daughter of a great lord. Eddard Stark. He died in battle.
Jaqen hits Arya with a stick.
JAQEN: A lie.
ARYA: After he was executed I fled the capital. Had to kill a stable boy. Drove my sword through his back.
Jaqen hits her again.
JAQEN: A lie.
ARYA: I stabbed him in the gut. I tried to find my mother and brother. I never did. They were murdered by Walder Frey. An outlaw kidnapped me. A man called Polliver.
Jaqen hits her.
JAQEN: A lie.
ARYA: A man called the Hound. Sandor Clegane. He tried to sell me but was wounded in a fight. He begged me to kill him but I wouldn’t. I left him in the mountains to die. I wanted him to suffer, I hated him.
Jaqen hits her.
ARYA: I hated him.
Jaqen hits her.
ARYA: I hated him!
Jaqen hits her again.
ARYA: That’s not a lie!
JAQEN: The girl lies. To me. To the Many Faced God. To herself. Does she truly want to be no one?
ARYA: Yes.
Jaqen hits her. Arya starts bleeding from the mouth.
ARYA: I’m not playing this stupid game anymore!
JAQEN: We never stop playing.
Jaqen exits the room.
EXT. SHORE
Jorah inspects the Grey Scale then covers it up.
TYRION: So, those villages we were supposed to find. We can’t live on berries and roots.
JORAH: I can.
TYRION: You’re not hungry?
JORAH: Of course I’m hungry.
TYRION: You’re an awful travelling companion, do you know that? Possibly the least charming man I have ever met.
JORAH: I am not your travelling companion.
TYRION: We are travelling together. In each other’s company. Therefore…
JORAH: Do you ever shut up?
TYRION: I sailed from King’s Landing to Pentos in a crate. Without ever saying a word.
Jorah sits down next to Tyrion.
JORAH: Why?
TYRION: Never occurred to you to ask why until now? You never wondered why Tyrion Lannister decided to visit a brothel in Volantis.
JORAH: I’m sure you’ve visited many brothels in many cities.
TYRION: I killed my father. He wanted to execute me for a crime I didn’t commit. And he was fucking the woman I loved.
Jorah gets up.
TYRION: As miserable as you are, Mormont, at least your father was a good man.
JORAH: What do you know about my father?
TYRION: I met him. I visited the Wall. When I asked him about his men he knew all the stories, every one of them. He actually cared about the people in his command. How did they put it in the Watch? “We shall never see his like again.”
Jorah looks stunned.
TYRION: You didn’t know. I’m sorry. I am.
JORAH: How?
TYRION: I only know what I heard
JORAH (stronger): How?
TYRION: He was leading an expedition beyond the wall. There was a mutiny. He was murdered by his own men.
JORAH: We better keep moving.
He gets up and walks away, then Tyrion.
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE
Arya is scrubbing the floor. A man carries a young girl in and sets her by the pool. He walks over to Arya and she stops scrubbing.
MAN: Valar morghulis.
ARYA: Valar dohaeris.
MAN: I have nowhere else to go. I’ve taken her to every healer in Braavos. I’ve spent every penny I had. She suffers every day of her life. I just want it to end.
Arya looks the man in the eyes then walks over to the girl.
GIRL: It hurts.
ARYA: I know. Don’t be afraid. I used to be like you. I was sick. I was dying. But my father never gave up on me. He loved me. More than anything in the world, just like your father loves you. So he brought me here. My father prayed to the many faced god. And I drank the water from this fountain. It healed me.
Arya fills a cup with the water.
ARYA: I’ve devoted my life to him now. You don’t want to hurt anymore. Drink.
The girl takes a sip. Jaqen watches from afar.
Arya fixes the dead girl’s hair. Jaqen walks in from the door Arya was trying to open earlier and leads her in. Arya follows him down a staircase lit by fire.
Arya looks up and sees the room is filled with columns containing the faces of the dead. She walks through the room, examining the faces.
JAQEN: Is the girl ready to give up her ears, her nose, her tongue, her hopes and dreams, her loves and hates, all that makes a girl who she is, forever?
JAQEN: No. The girl is not ready to become no one. But she is ready to become someone else.
EXT. COUNTRYSIDE
TYRION: Why Daenerys? Why is she worth all this? As I recall, the Mormonts fought against the Targaryens during Robert’s Rebellion.
JORAH: Do you believe in anything?
TYRION: I believe in many things.
JORAH: In something greater than ourselves, I mean. The Gods. Destiny. Do you believe there's a plan for this world?
TYRION: No.
JORAH: Neither did I. I was a cynic, just like you. Then I saw a girl step into a great fire with three stone eggs. When the fire burned out I thought I’d find her blackened bones. Instead I found her. Daenerys. Alive and unhurt. Holding her baby dragons. Have you ever heard baby dragons singing?
TYRION: No.
JORAH: It's hard to be a cynic after that.
TYRION: Doesn’t mean she’s going to be a great queen.
JORAH: No it doesn’t.
TYRION: The Targaryens are famously insane. What if she conquers the world? Then what? 1,000 years of peace and prosperity?
JORAH: First we have to conquer the world.
TYRION: We? Alright, let’s assume your dreams come true. She’s ecstatic when you bring her this enemy dwarf. She hacks off my head and restores your position. You command her army, sail to Westeros, defeat all your enemies, then watch as she climbs those steps and sits on the Iron Throne. Hurrah, long live the Queen. Then what?
JORAH: Then she rules.
TYRION: So a woman who has not spent a single day of her adult life in Westeros becomes the ruler of Westeros? That’s justice?
JORAH: She is the rightful heir.
TYRION: Why, because her father who burned living men for amusement was the king?
Jorah sees a ship anchored in the middle of the sea and pushes Tyrion behind a rock.
JORAH: Shh! It’s a slave ship
TYRION: Why is it anchored?
JORAH: They probably came ashore for--
MALKO: --water.
Malko and his men, all carrying swords, surround Tyrion and Jorah, smiling.
Tyrion and Jorah’s hands are tied. Malko punches Jorah in the face. He gets up.
MALKO: Got a lot of fight in you, huh?
Malko punches Jorah again.
SLAVER: Salt mines.
MALKO: That or a galley slave. He looks strong enough.
SLAVER: What about the dwarf?
MALKO: Worthless. Cut his throat.
The slaver’s man approaches Tyrion.
TYRION: Wait, wait! Wait, wait, wait, let’s discuss this!
MALKO: And then chop off his cock. We can sell it for a fortune. A dwarf’s cock has magic powers.
The slaver puts his sword to Tyrion’s throat.
TYRION: Wait, wait, wait, wait! You can’t just hand a dried cock to a merchant and expect him to pay for it. He has to know it came from a dwarf. And how could he know unless he sees the dwarf?
SLAVER: It will be a dwarf-sized cock.
TYRION: Guess again.
Tyrion looks to Malko.
MALKO: The dwarf lives until we find a cock merchant.
The slavers get Jorah and Tyrion to their feet.
JORAH: Queen Daenerys has outlawed slavery.
MALKO: We’re bound to Volantis, not Slaver’s Bay. Besides, she reopened the fighting pits. I never heard of free men fighting in the pits.
TYRION: The fighting puts in Mereen! You’re in luck then, you’re about to be rich. You are looking at one of the great warriors in the seven kingdoms.
Malko looks at Tyrion and laughs.
TYRION: (looks at Jorah) Him.
MALKO: Him? He’s got to be 60 years old.
TYRION: Sure, he’s a bit long in the tooth, a bit withered, been in the sun too long. We can all see that. But he is a veteran of 100 battles. They wrote songs about him!
Malko gestures to his men to bring Jorah closer.
Malko: Is that true?
Jorah nods.
TYRION: He won the tournament at Lannisport, unseating Ser Jaime Lannister himself.
Malko shakes his head and laughs.
TYRION: The Kingslayer!
MALKO: Jousting. You’re talking about jousting. A fancy game for fancy lads. The men who fight at Mereen will swallow him whole.
JORAH: I killed a Dothraki blood rider in single combat.
Malko jumps up, shocked, and gets in Jorah’s face.
MALKO: Liar.
JORAH: It’s no lie. His name was Qotho. He was bloodrider to Khal Drogo. Take me to Slaver’s Bay, put a sword in my hand, I’ll prove my worth.
Malko looks in his eyes, smiles, then nods.
Littlefinger walks by the Faith Militant.
LANCEL: Lord Baelish.
BAELISH: Yes? (Lancel approaches him) Lancel Lannister.
LANCEL: Brother Lancel. We abandoned our family names.
BAELISH: That’s quite a family to abandon.
LANCEL: The city has changed since you were here last. We flooded the gutters with wine, smashed the false idols, and sent the godless on the run.
BAELISH: Well done.
He tries to walk past Lancel. Lancel puts his hand on Baelish’s shoulder and stops him.
BAELISH: I’m here on urgent business for the Queen Mother. Should I send word that I’ll be delayed?
Lancel lets go.
LANCEL: Step carefully, Lord Baelish. You’ll find that there’s little tolerance for flesh peddlers in the new King’s Landing.
BAELISH: We both peddle fantasies, Brother Lancel. Mine just happen to be entertaining.
INT. CERSEI’S ROOM
BAELISH: Do you think it’s wise, your Grace, arresting the heir to Highgarden?
CERSEI: The Faith arrested the heir to Highgarden.
BAELISH: Of course. And the Faith were armed on your orders.
CERSEI: The King’s orders. Is the King to blame for Ser Loras’ perversion?
BAELISH: House Tyrell won’t tolerate these insults.
CERSEI: House Tyrell won’t tolerate it? I’m the insulted party, Lord Baelish. Ser Loras was promised to me, instead he chose the company of boys.
BAELISH: One’s choice of companion is a curious thing.
Cersei is silent for a moment.
CERSEI: Most curious. Lysa Arryn for instance. A sorrily repellent woman. Forgive me. I know you’re still in mourning.
BAELISH: Lysa was a good woman. A kind woman.
CERSEI: She was neither of those things, we both know it. Still, I pity her son. How fortunate that the young Lord of the Vale has a new father to counsel him.
BAELISH: I know how hard it can be to lose both of your parents at such a young age.
CERSEI: If war comes to Westeros will the Knights of the Veil fight for their king?
BAELISH: Young Lord Robyn heeds my advice. And I have always counseled loyalty to the throne.
CERSEI: Good. (Cersei gets up) If there’s nothing else.
BAELISH: There is another matter, your Grace. Something so urgent I couldn’t trust the words to a raven. You once charged me with finding Arya Stark. To my shame I failed you. But I have found Sansa Stark. Alive, and well, and home again. In Winterfell.
CERSEI: That’s not possible.
BAELISH: My sources are well placed. They tell me Roose Bolton plans to marry her to his son, Ramsay, a bastard recently legitimized by King Tommen.
CERSEI: Roose Bolton is Warden of the North by the grace of my father.
BAELISH: Indeed. As reward for stabbing his own king in the heart.
CERSEI: We were fools to trust a turncloak.
BAELISH: Marrying his son to the last of the Starks gives him more legitimacy in the North than an alliance with a hated southern house.
CERSEI: I will skin him and his bastard like that wretch on that bloody sigil.
BAELISH: I would counsel patience, your grace.
CERSEI: Patience? Sansa helped murder my son, Roose Bolton is a traitor.
BAELISH: Stannis Baratheon is also a traitor, marching with his army on Winterfell. Let Stannis and Roose battle, let the enemies of the throne slaughter each other and when they’re done seize Winterfell from whichever thief survives.
CERSEI: Winterfell is 1,000 miles away from here. The weather has already begun to turn.
BAELISH: That is why it is critical to strike soon, while the victor still licks his wounds. Surely your Uncle Kevan could muster a force.
CERSEI: My Uncle Kevan has all the courage of a kitchen mouse.
BAELISH: Ser Jaime, then.
CERSEI: Jaime is away on a sensitive diplomatic mission. I’ve no idea when he’ll be back.
BAELISH: Perhaps I can help. The Knights of the Vale are some of the best fighters in Westeros, trained to battle in the ice and the snow.
CERSEI: Forgive me Lord Baelish, you have a reputation as a money lender and brothel keeper, not a military man.
BAELISH: You wouldn’t risk a single Lannister soldier or a single coin from the Royal Treasury. What do you have to lose, a brothel keeper?
CERSEI: And if you succeed?
BAELISH: Name me Warden of the North.
CERSEI: I’ll speak to the king this evening. Have him issue a royal decree.
BAELISH: I’ll not rest until the lion flies over Winterfell.
CERSEI: And I’ll l know you’re a man of your word when I see Sansa Stark’s head on a spike.
BAELISH: As I said. I live to serve.
Trystane puts a flower in Myrcella’s hair.
TRYSTANE: I’m going to ask him tomorrow.
MYRCELLA: What if he says no?
TRYSTANE: He won’t. You’ve waited long enough. I want you to be my wife now. What is it?
MYRCELLA: Do you want to marry me because our families arranged it, or do you…
Trystane kisses her in the middle of the sentence. Myrcella pushes him off.
MYRCELLA: We can’t. Not yet.
TRYSTANE: Why not?
MYRCELLA: You know why not. Someone will see.
TRYSTANE: You are going to be my wife. I am going to be your husband. We are allowed to walk through the gardens together.
MYRCELLA: How many other girls have you walked through these gardens?
TRYSTANE: I like the way your eyes go squinty when you’re jealous.
MYRCELLA: They don’t go squinty, and you didnt answer the question.
Cut to Doran and Areo on the balcony.
DORAN: They make a lovely couple. A Lannister and a Martell. They have no idea how dangerous that is. We must protect them.
AREO: Yes, my prince.
DORAN: You have not had to use that axe of yours in a very long time. I hope you remember how.
AREO: I remember how.
BRONN (singing): The Dornishman’s wife was as fair as the sun and her kisses were warmer than spring. The Dornishman’s blade it was made of black steel and its kiss was a terrible thing. The Dornishman’s wife would sing as she bathed in a voice that was sweet as a peach...
JAIME: Alright, thats enough.
BRONN: I’m coming to the best part.
JAIME: We’re trying to blend in. We don’t want everyone in Dorne to hear your accent.
BRONN: This song really is all about the ending.
JAIME: It can wait. Up there.
He spots a line of Dornishmen walking towards the Water Gardens.
JAIME: That’s the Water Gardens.
BRONN: Once we got the princess, then what?
JAIME: I like to improvise.
BRONN: That explains the golden hand.
Jaime and Bronn ride in behind common folk carrying meat and other goods. They break off from the pack.
INT. SHADOWY ROOM
ELLARIA: Unbowed, unbent, unbroken. For Oberyn.
SAND SNAKES: For Oberyn.
They storm towards the Water Gardens as Ellaria watches.
EXT. WATER GARDENS
Jamie and Bronn converge on Myrcella and Trystane as the Sand Snakes approach. They see the two kissing.
BRONN: Well, she’s made herself at home.
They walk over.
JAIME: Myrcella.
They stop kissing.
MYRCELLA: Uncle Jaime? I don’t understand, what are you doing here?
JAIME: Let’s speak in private.
TRYSTANE: I am Trystane Martell.
MYRCELLA: Trystane is my intended.
JAIME: Excellent. Good to meet you.
Jaime shakes hands with Trystane with his good hand.
TRYSTANE: We weren’t expecting you, Ser Jaime.
Bronn advances.
BRONN: Why don’t you let them have some time alone, son?
Trystane inspects Bronn’s armor, looking for a sigil.
BRONN: Let’s not do something stupid.
Trystane reaches for his sword and Bronn punches him across the face, knocking him out.
MYRCELLA: No!
BRONN: That was something stupid.
JAIME: We have to go, Myrcella, now.
MYRCELLA: You hurt him!
JAIME: You’ll be fine, I promise, but we have to--
A whip wraps around Jaime’s wrist. The Sand Snakes are here.
BRONN: Oh for fuck’s sake.
The Sand Snakes attack Jaime and Bronn, one wielding a spear, one wielding a whip, and one wielding a pair of daggers. They occupy Bronn and Jaime long enough for Obara to get to Myrcella.
OBARA: You’re coming with me.
MYRCELLA: I don’t want to!
OBARA: I wasn’t asking, princess.
Obara starts taking Myrcella out of the gardens. A Sand Snake cuts Bronn’s arm open. Areo and his men meet Obara as she escapes.
AREO: Drop you weapons!
The rest of Areo’s men surround the Sand Snakes, Bronn, and Jaime.
OBARA: I am Obara Sand. Daughter of Oberyn Martell. I fight for Dorne. Who do you fight for?
AREO: Drop your weapons!
The Snakes drop their weapons. Jaime stares down Areo, sword still in hand. Areo puts his axe to Jaime’s neck.
AREO: When you were whole, it would have been a good fight.
Jaime drops the sword, Areo’s men grab him. Bronn drops his sword.
BRONN (to Snake): You fight pretty good for a little girl.
She screams at Bronn and is restrained by Areo’s men. They are all escorted away. The rest of Areo’s men corner Elaria in the room outside the Gardens.
EXT. THE KINGSROAD
A carriage rides on the outskirts of King’s Landing.
RIDER: Halt!
Cut to inside the carriage.
OLENNA: Oh! You can smell the shit from 5 miles away. Well, why are we stopped, go on.
OLENNA: Rumors and gossip, that’s all they got. It’s theater, nothing more. If they arrested all the pillow biters in King’s Landing there’d be no room left in the dungeons for anyone else.
MARGAERY: Everyone knew about him and Renly.
OLENNA: Renly Baratheon shagged half the stable boys in the Seven Kingdoms. Everyone knew. No one cared.
MARGAERY: But he was the king’s brother.
OLENNA: And Loras is the queen’s brother. No, no, no, no, this is unacceptable.
MARGAERY: Cersei is behind this.
OLENNA: Of course she is. She wants to drag our names through the dirt. Put us in our place. Get some rest, dear, you look appalling. Let me deal with Cersei Lannister.
INT. CERSEI’S ROOM
Cersei writes at her desk without acknowledging Olenna.
OLENNA: Your Grace, I have travelled a long way.
CERSEI: You must be exhausted.
OLENNA: Put the pen down, dear, we all know you aren’t writing anything.
CERSEI: Ah, yes, the famously tart-tongued queen of thorns.
OLENNA: And the famous tart Queen Cersei.
CERSEI: Beg your pardon.
OLENNA: I know you’re behind this absurd incarceration of my grandson.
CERSEI: If you apologize for that comment perhaps--
OLENNA: You’ll get your apology when I get Loras.
CERSEI: I was as shocked as anyone when The Faith arrested Ser Loras. I have no love for these fanatics. But what can the queen mother do?
OLENNA: Has the crown suddenly stopped needing the troops, gold, and wheat my house supplies?
CERSEI: I assure you our alliance with House Tyrell remains--
OLENNA: Do you expect the alliance to continue after you’ve thrown our future into prison?
CERSEI: As I said, i didn’t imprison anyone. As for your veiled threats--
OLENNA: What veil?
CERSEI: The Lannister-Tyrell alliance brought peace to a war-torn country. Do you really want to see the Seven Kingdoms slide back into warfare?
OLENNA: I didn’t trust your father. I didn’t particularly like him. But I respected him. He was no fool. He understood that sometimes we must work with our rivals rather than destroy them.
CERSEI: House Lannister has no rival. The High Septon has called for an inquest, not a trial. Just a small hearing to determine whether the charges against Loras have merit, which I’m sure they don’t. Loras will be freed, our happy alliance will continue, and we’ll forget this unfortunate conversation ever happened. Good day, Lady Olenna.
INT. HIGH SEPTON’S ROOM
HIGH SPARROW: You are aware of the rumors concerning you and Renly?
LORAS: I don’t pay attention to rumors.
SPARROW: You were said to be despondent when he died. Witnesses said that you refused to leave his bedside, even as Stannis’ army closed in
LORAS: He was my friend. He was my king.
SPARROW: Wasn’t Joffrey your king? He was anointed by the 7, not Renly.
LORAS: I was wrong to support Renly’s claim. I know that. But I was forgiven by Joffrey. I fought for him at the Battle of the Blackwater.
SPARROW: Wearing Renly’s armor.
LORAS: Why does it matter what I wore?
SPARROW: Do you deny all of the charges against you? Fornication, buggery, blasphemy.
LORAS: Of course I deny them.
SPARROW: You never lay with Renly Baratheon.
LORAS: Never.
SPARROW: Nor any other man.
LORAS: Never.
SPARROW: That will be all Ser Loras.
Loras walks back to his seat.
OLENNA: Well I think that’s quite enough of that.
SPARROW: Faith calls Queen Margaery forward.
MARGAERY: You call me forward?
SPARROW: Yes. We have some questions for you.
MARGAERY: I am the queen.
SPARROW: You are. And according to Law of the Seven, neither kings nor queens are exempt from testimony at a holy inquest.
Margaery walks to the stand.
SPARROW: How do you respond to these charges against your brother?
MARGAERY: They are lies.
SPARROW: All of them?
MARGAERY: All of them.
SPARROW: Queen Margaery, in the presence of the gods, do you swear that your brother is innocent of these charges against him, to the best of your knowledge?
MARGAERY: Yes, I swear it.
SPARROW: Thank you, your grace.
The Faith brings Olyvar in. Loras looks shocked. Cersei gives a thin smile.
SPARROW: Do you know this man?
OLYVAR: Yes, very well. He is Ser Loras Tyrell, heir to Highgarden.
SPARROW: How did you come to meet?
OLYVAR: I squired for him. He took a liking to me. He summoned me to his chamber the first day we met.
SPARROW: And what occurred in his chamber?
OLYVAR: We engaged in intimate relations.
SPARROW: You laid with him?
OLYVAR: That night and many others.
LORAS: Liar! He’s a liar!
SPARROW: Is there anyone else who can support your claim?
OLYVAR: Yes, yes, Queen Margaery. She walked in on us once not long ago. She didn’t seem surprised.
CERSEI: This testimony is an insult to a great house. Why should The Faith or anyone else take the word of a squire over the heir to Highgarden?
OLYVAR: He has a birthmark, your grace. Quite high on his thigh, wine-colored, and roughly the shape of Dorne.
Loras jumps at Olyvar and The Faith restrains him. Margaery and Olenna get up to leave and The Faith blocks their way.
LORAS: Liar!
OLENNA: What are you doing? Let us pass.
SPARROW: The Faith is satisfied that there is enough evidence to bring a formal trial for Ser Loras... and Queen Margaery.
MARGAERY: What?
SPARROW: Bearing false witness before the gods is as grave a sin as any. Take her.
The Faith grabs her and carries her out of the room.
MARGAERY: Tommen! Tommen!
King Tommen looks around the room, unsure of what to do.
MARGAERY: You can’t do this, I am the queen! Tommen, Tommen! I am your queen, how dare you!
Olenna glares at Cersei. Cersei smiles back.
Sansa looks at herself in the mirror. She hears a knock and opens the door. It's Myranda.
SANSA: What do you want?
MYRANDA: Lord Ramsay sent me to draw your bath, my lady. You want to be clean and fresh for your new husband don’t you?
Cut to Sansa in the bath. Myranda washes the black dye out of Sansa’s hair.
MYRANDA: You’re so beautiful. But if you need to keep him happy. Ramsay gets bored easily. You dont want to end up like... Well, like the others.
SANSA: What others?
MYRANDA: I shouldn’t gossip. It’s good to see the red again. No point in hiding anymore.
SANSA: What others?
MYRANDA: Let’s see. There was Kiera. The blacksmith’s daughter. She was tall. Like you. Lovely figure. But she talked and talked and talked and… Ramsay got tired of that. Then there was Violet. She had gorgeous blond hair. But she got pregnant and, well, that was boring. Then Tamsay. Such a sweet girl. Of course sweet girls get a bit dull after a while, don’t they? Ramsay let me come with him on that hunt.
SANSA: Hunt?
MYRANDA: Mm. Have you ever seen a body after the dogs have been at it? Not so pretty. But it’s your wedding day, why am I talking about such things?
SANSA: What was your name again?
MYRANDA: Myranda.
SANSA: And how long have you loved him, Myranda. Did you imagine that he would be with you forever, is that it? Then I came along and ruined it. I am Sansa Stark of Winterfell. This is my home and you can’t frighten me.
MYRANDA: Are you done with your bath, my lady?
SANSA: Go. I can finish on my own.
Snow falls outside. There is a knock on the door.
SANSA: Yes?
INT. SANSA’S ROOM
Theon enters.
THEON: I’ve come to escort you to the Godswood, my lady. If you please, my lady, will you take my arm?
SANSA: No.
THEON: Lord Ramsay, he said I'm to take your arm.
SANSA: I’m not touching you.
THEON: Please. He’ll punish me.
SANSA: Do you think I care what he does to you.
Sansa leaves the room without Theon.
EXT. THE GODSWOOD
Sansa walks to the Godswood with Theon. Ramsay is waiting alongside his father and with the Bolton men forming an aisle. Roose walks forward.
ROOSE: Who comes before the Old Gods this night?
THEON: Sansa of the House Stark comes here to be wed. A woman grown, trueborn and noble. She comes to beg the blessings of the gods. Who comes to claim her?
Ramsay steps forward.
RAMSAY: Ramsay of House Bolton. Heir to the Dreadfort and Winterfell. Who gives her?
THEON: Theon of House Greyjoy. Who was… who was her father’s ward.
ROOSE: Lady Sansa, will you take this man?
Long pause. Cut to Ramsay, Walda, and Myranda. Sansa steps forward.
SANSA: I take this man.
Ramsay smiles.
INT. RAMSAY’S CHAMBERS
Theon opens the door for Ramsay and Sansa.
RAMSAY: Are you pleased my lady?
Sansa nods.
RAMSAY: Good. I want you to be happy. My father said you’re still a virgin.
SANSA: Yes.
RAMSAY: Why? Why are you still a virgin? Afraid of dwarves?
SANSA: Lord Tyrion was kind, he was gentle, he never touched me.
RAMSAY: You’re not lying to me?
SANSA: No, my lord.
RAMSAY: Lying to your husband on his wedding night, that would be a very bad way to start a marriage. We are man and wife now, we should be honest with each other, don’t you think?
SANSA: Yes sir.
Ramsay kisses her.
RAMSAY: Good. Now take off your clothes.
Theon starts to leave.
RAMSAY: Oh, no no no. You stay here Reek. You watch. (to Sansa) Do I need to ask a second time? I hate asking a second time.
Sansa starts to undo her coat. Theon closes the door.
RAMSAY: Reek? I told you to watch.
Theon looks up.
RAMSAY: You’ve known Sansa since she was a girl. Now watch her become a woman.
Ramsay rips Sansa’s coat open and pushes her onto the bed. We hear clothes ripping. A belt being undone. Sansa starts moaning. Close up on Theon crying.
END EPISODE
EXT. CASTLE BLACK
Men of the Night’s Watch prepare the horses as snow falls on Castle Black. Thormund is brought before Jon. Jon looks at him, nods, and  a Brother removes Tormund’s chains. Thormund raises his free hands to Ser Alliser in the distance and is carried away. Jon walks over to Alliser.
JON: First Ranger, you have command of Castle Black.
ALLISER: Lord Commander, it is my duty to tell you I believe this mission to be reckless, foolhardy, and an insult to all of the Brothers that have died fighting the wildlings.
Cut to Olly watching their conversation from afar.
JON: As always, thank you for your honesty.
Jon walks away to Sam.
SAM: Safe travels, Lord Commander.
JON: Thank you, Sam.
SAM: Oh, and…
Sam hands him a wrapped package. Jon opens it to find a sword.
SAM: It’s Dragonglass. It’s what I used to kill the White Walker. I hope you don’t need them.
JON: Me too.
They hug. Jon gets on a horse next to Tormund and rides away.
AEMON: There he is. That laugh. Egg! Egg laughed like that. One of the first things I remember about him.
Gilly looks at Sam, confused.
SAM: His little brother, Aegon. He became king.
AEMON: And before that, he was a jolly fellow. Like this one.
Aemon’s mood changes, he suddenly becomes panicked.
AEMON: Get him south, Gillyflower. Before it’s too late.
Theon carries a food plate across the hall. He arrives at a door and unlocks it.
INT. SANSA’S ROOM
Sansa is sleeping. Theon approaches and closes a window, waking Sansa.
SANSA: Theon, wait.
THEON: Not Theon, my lady. Reek.
Sansa sits up in bed, revealing cuts and bruises along her arms.
SANSA: Help me.
THEON: You’re his wife now.
SANSA: Theon
THEON: Do what he says. Do what he says or he’ll hurt you.
SANSA: He already hurts me every night. All day I’m locked in this room and every night he comes. It can’t be worse.
THEON: It can. It can always be worse.
Sansa stands up.
SANSA: What did he do to you?
THEON: Please…
Theon goes for the door. Sansa runs to the door and blocks him from leaving.
SANSA: You betrayed my family!
THEON: I’m sorry. I’m sorry!
SANSA: You have to help me!
THEON: He’ll see us. You don’t know him.
SANSA: My family still has friends in the North. All I have to do is give a signal and they’ll rescue me. Climb to the top of the Broken Tower, light this candle, and put it in the window. Promise me, Theon.
THEON: Reek, my lady, Reek!
SANSA: Your name is Theon Greyjoy. Last surviving son of Balon Greyjoy, Lord of the Iron Islands, do you hear me? Theon. Promise me.
Theon hesitates, nods, and exits the room.
EXT. WINTERFELL
Theon walks across Winterfell with the Broken Tower in the background.
Theon climbs the stairs to the top floor. He opens the door to see Ramsay eating.
RAMSAY: Yes, Reek?
EXT. OUTSIDE WINTERFELL
Brienne stares at the top floor of the Broken Tower from beyond the walls of Winterfell.
Close-up on a candle, then Gilly’s baby.
AEMON: Egg! Egg! Mothers looking for you! Egg!
GILLY: Get some sleep, Sam. You’ll have to speak for him tomorrow.
SAM: You don’t know that.
GILLY: Get some sleep. I’ll watch over him.
SAM: I’ll stay too. He’s always been good to me. I can’t leave him now.
AEMON (panicked): Egg! Egg.. I dreamed... that I was old
EXT. CASTLE BLACK
Close up on Maester Aemon’s funeral pyre.
SAM: His name was Aemon Targaryen. He came to us from King’s Landing, a Maester of the Citadel, chained and sworn. And a sworn brother of the Night’s Watch, ever faithful. No man was wiser or gentler or kinder. At the Wall a dozen Lord Commanders came and went during his years of service, but he was always there to counsel them. He was the blood of the dragon, but now his fire has gone out. And now his watch has ended.
BROTHERS: And now his watch has ended.
Sam lights the pyre, then hands the torch to Alliser, who lights it then passes it along.
ALLISER: You’re losing all your friends, Tarly.
Sam looks up to see a Brother glaring at him.
EXT. WINTERFELL
Sansa walks up to Ramsay.
RAMSAY: My beautiful wife.
He kisses her.
RAMSAY: When my father told me we were marrying I half expected a fat, bearded beast. Do you know how pleased I was when I saw you? You’ve made me very happy.
They start walking down stairs. Sansa grabs a cross in the snow before they leave.
RAMSAY: Our scouts report that Stannis Baratheon rides for Winterfell. He’s a respected commander. His troops are loyal and battle tested. He’s hired thousands of foreign sell swords to bolster his army. But this storm was a stroke of luck for us northerners. Our people are used to fighting in frost. His army’s out there now, suffering in the snow. One day I’ll be Lord of Winterfell, and Warden of the North. You’ll be my Lady and Wardeness.
SANSA: But isn’t your step mother pregnant?
RAMSAY: What of it?
SANSA: What happens if she has a boy?
RAMSAY: Then I’ll have a baby brother.
SANSA: But he’ll be the heir.
RAMSAY: I’m Lord Bolton’s eldest son.
SANSA: But you’re a bastard, a true born will always have the stronger claim.
Ramsay stops walking.
RAMSAY: I’ve been naturalized by a royal decree of--
SANSA: Tommen Baratheon. Another bastard.
They start walking again.
RAMSAY: Bastards can rise high in the world. Like your half-brother Jon Snow. Born The Bastard of Winterfell, now the Lord Commander of the Night’s Watch.
Sansa looks shocked.
RAMSAY: You didn’t know? Yes, he’s done very well for himself. Ah. I near forgot why I asked you to join me. Come, my lady.
EXT. WINTERFELL
The woman who visited Sansa’s chamber previously is out in the open, flayed to death.
RAMSAY: Your Northern friend. Reek told me you wanted to leave.
Cut to Theon looking terrified.
RAMSAY: Why? Winterfell is your home and I am your husband.
Sansa continues to look at the woman, horrified.
RAMSAY: Tough old bird. Everyone talks when I start beating them. But this one. Her heart gave out before I got to her face. We do breed them tough in the North. Bring my wife back to her chamber. It’s far too cold out here for a lady. You should hold on to your candles. The nights are so long now.
He kisses her on the cheek then she is carried away.
EXT. STANNIS’ CAMP
Davos rides through the camp on horseback, observing the men as they cough and huddle around each other. The snow is falling hard.
DAVOS: 40 horses died in the night. We’ll lose more come sunset. We’re running out of food. We can’t open the supply line until the snow clears.
STANNIS: What else?
DAVOS: The Stormcrows rode off last night.
STANNIS: 500 men.
Davos nods. Stannis removes a Baratheon piece from his chess board.
STANNIS: Sell swords, loyal to nothing but gold.
DAVOS: We still have a hard march to Wintefell and we won’t be marching anywhere in this weather.
STANNIS: And?
DAVOS: This isn’t our time, we should head back to Castle Black when the snow clears.
STANNIS: I retreated from King’s Landing, Ser Davos. If I retreat again, I become “The King Who Ran.”
DAVOS: Your Grace..
STANNIS: Winter is coming. Those arent just the Stark words, it’s a fact. If we march back to Castle Black, we winter at Castle Black. And who can say how many years this winter will last.
DAVOS: It’s better to wait for the right time than to risk everything.
STANNIS: This is the right time, and I will risk everything. Because if I don't, we’ve lost. We march to victory or we march to defeat, but we go forward only forward,
Davos looks to Melisandre, lurking in the back of the tent.
DAVOS: Your Grace. (leaves)
STANNIS (to Melisandre): I’ve trusted in your visions, in your prophecies for years.
MELISANDRE: You saw it yourself, my king, when you stared into the flames. A great battle in the snow.
STANNIS: I don’t know what I saw.
MELISANDRE: You do know. Trust yourself.
STANNIS: And you, do you trust yourself?
MELISANDRE: I trust in the Lord.
STANNIS: Are you sure?
MELISANDRE: I have seen myself walk along the battlements of Wintefell. I have seen the flayed men banners lowered to the ground.
She flips the Bolton pieces over on Stannis’ board.
MELISANDRE: But sometimes sacrifices must be made to ensure victory. I have shown you the power of king's blood. The Usurper Robb Stark. The Usurper Joffrey Baratheon.
STANNIS: We don’t have Robert’s bastard here.
MELISANDRE: No, we have someone better, and your blood runs through her veins.
STANNIS: Have you lost your mind?
MELISANDRE: Do you doubt me still? After all that you’ve seen?
STANNIS: There must be another way. Leeches or something.
MELISANDRE: There is only one way. You must become king before the Long Night begins. Only you can lead the living against the dead. All your life has led us to this moment. To this decision.
STANNIS: She’s my daughter.
Melisandre embraces him.
STANNIS: Get out.
Gilly washes clothes. Two Brothers walk into the room.
DERRYK: The beauty from beyond The Wall.
Gilly starts walking away.
BRAND: Where are you going, huh? Aren’t we better looking than the fat man?
DERRYK: The question is, is she pretty down south in the real world, or is she pretty because she’s the only girl here?
BRAND: Even in White Harbor, I’d want a kiss.
DERRYK: Come on love, give us a kiss.
GILLY: Leave me alone.
DERRYK: If you were my girl I wouldn’t leave you alone.
BRAND: One little kiss.
DERRYK: Come on, give him a kiss.
BRAND: A man gets lonely guarding the Wall.
She tries to walk away. They slap the laundry basket out of her hands and trap her.
BRAND: There’s no need to be rude.
DERRYK: We just want a little affection.
She slaps Derryk across the face. Sam enters the room and pulls out his sword.
SAM: Get your hands off her. Brother Derryk. Brother Brand. I believe you both have guard duty tonight.
BRAND: Sam the Slayer. Are you gonna slay me with that sword?
DERRYK: Look at his hands shaking.
SAM: Gilly go on, Get back to your room and lock the door.
Derryk throws her to the floor.
SAM: I’m warning you.
DERRYK: Come on! Come on!
Sam swings the sword. It is deflected and he is subdued. Derryk punches him in the gut then starts kicking him.
DERRYK: You lying sack of shit! Killed a White Walker, eh? You fatass fuck. Come on, get up. (to Gilly) He’s your hero. He’s a hog!
GILLY: Leave him alone!
She charges at Derryk. He subdues her.
DERRYK: Stubborn little wilding bitch aren’t ya?
Brand kicks Sam in the face.
GILLY: Sam! Sam! Sam!
He punches Sam repeatedly in the face until he seems to lose consciousness.
BRAND: Alright. Hold still.
They both hold Gilly down as she screams. Sam gets back up.
SAM: I said get your hands off her.
BRAND: You’re gonna get yourself killed.
DERRYK: Roll over. Jon Snow’s not here to save you.
SAM: I killed a White Walker. I killed a Thenn. I’ll take my chances with you.
Ghost shows up and growls at the brothers. They sprint out of the room. Sam falls to his knees.
GILLY: Sam!
SAM: I’m alright.
GILLY: You’re not.
SAMMY: Just a bit woozy.
Sam collapses onto his side.
Gilly washes out Sam’s wounds with a wash cloth.
GILLY: The next time you see something like that you leave it alone.
SAM: I will not. They would’ve… I don’t know what they would have done
GILLY: I know they would have killed you if Ghost hadn’t come.
SAM: No. They were tiring out. I had them in the palm of my hand.
GILLY: Don’t be stupid Sam, you’re not a fighter.
SAM: What kind of man would I be if I ran away when I saw someone hurting you?
GILLY: Just promise me that whatever happens you’ll take care of little Sam.
SAM: Of course I will. And I’ll take care of you, too.
GILLY: I need more water.
She gets up. Sam grabs her arm.
SAM: Stay. Please.
Gilly gets on top of Sam and starts kissing him. She gets back up, and puts her hands around his neck and starts kissing him again.
GILLY: Am I hurting you?
He shakes his head no.
GILLY: Are you sure?
Sam nods yes. She pulls his pants down, pulls her dress up, and starts riding him.
SAM: Oh. Oh my.
The slaves are carried up to the auction stage. One of Malko’s men whips Tyrion.
MALKO: A rare find for the fighting pits, my friends. Not your usual street tough old drunken pirate. This one’s a Westerosi knight from an ancient house, trained in sword and lance. he fought beside the Stag King Robert on the far side of the Narrow Sea. He was first from the breach during the siege of Pyke, slaughtering 50 men with his flaming sword. He killed the great Khal Drogo in single combat. Betrayed by his woman, he sold himself into slavery to repay his debts. Bidding begins at 12 gold honors.
A hand goes up.
MALKO: 13. Do I have 14?
A hand goes up.
MALKO: 15? 15 golds honors. Do I have 16?
A man in the front who has been studying Jorah intently raises his hand.
SLAVE BUYER: 20.
MALKO: Sold!
Jorah is taken away.
TYRION: Wait! You have to buy me as well.
BUYER: Why?
TYRION: We’re a team. I’m a great fighter, too.
The crowd laughs.
MALKO: He’s funny. You have to give him that.
The man holding Tyrion’s chains laughs at him. Tyrion yanks his chains, pulling the man to the ground, and starts beating on him with the chains as the crowd roars. Tyrion kicks him in the head then looks to the buyer.
BUYER: Alright. He’s funny.
He hands Malko coins.
TYRION: Thank you my Lord. Thank you.
BUYER: Yes.
TYRION: My Lord, if I may. I’ve heard Mereen’s become a free city. You might run into trouble if you try to fight slaves in the fighting pits. Now if you were to fight free men who were paid a wage…
The buyer hits Tyrion in the mouth then tosses him a few coins.
BUER: Here’s your wages, funny man. It’ll last the rest of your life.
DAARIO: How long before the king of Mereen comes to claim my pillow?
DAENERYS: Don’t be ridiculous. My marriage to Hizdahr is political. I think he’s smart enough to understand that.
DAARIO: I think the Sons of the Harpy have stopped killing because their leader was made king.
DAENERYS: Are you jealous?
DAARIO: Do you think I’m petty enough to speak ill of a man just because he represents competition?
DAENERYS: I do.
Daario laughs.
DAARIO: You’re right. My motivations are entirely impure.
They start kissing.
DAARIO: Doesn’t make me wrong.
DAENERYS: You told me yourself, I can’t fight enemies within and without. So when enemies from without come knocking, I need the city of Mereen behind me. I have no choice.
DAARIO: Everyone has a choice. Even slaves have a choice. Death or slavery.
DAENERYS: So what else can I do?
DAARIO: Marry me instead.
DAENERYS: Even if I wanted to do such an inadviseable thing, I couldn’t.
DAARIO: Why not? You’re our queen, you can do as you like.
DAENERYS: No. I can’t
DAARIO: Then you are the only person in Mereen who’s not free.
Daenerys sits up in bed.
DAARIO: I know I’m here to serve my queen and not to give advice, but can I make one more suggestion?
DAENERYS: Of course
DAARIO: On the day of the Great Games, gather all the great masters, and wise masters, and worthy masters you can find, and slaughter them all.
DAENERYS: I am a queen. Not a butcher.
DAARIO: All rulers are either butchers or meat.
OLENNA: You there! Where would I find the High Septon, or High Sparrow, or whatever bloody fool name he’s got.
HIGH SPARROW: It’s not as good a name as Queen of Thorns, I’ll admit.
OLENNA: You should have the decency to stand when you talk to a lady.
SPARROW: You should have the decency to kneel before the gods
OLENNA: Don’t spar with me little fellow.
The High Septon gets up.
SPARROW: For me, it’s the knees. You?
OLENNA: Hips.
SPARROW: Huh.
OLENNA: A man of the people, is that your game? It’s an old game. dull and unconvincing. A man of the people who does Cersei’s dirty work for her.
SPARROW: The people always do the dirty work.
OLENNA: Spare me the homilies, I can smell a fraud from a mile away.
SPARROW: A useful talent.
OLENNA: I’m here for my grandson and granddaughter.
SPARROW: Your grandson and granddaughter swore sacred vows and lied. The Father judges us all. Sons of high lords, sons of fishermen. If you break his laws you will be punished.
The High Sparrow heads for the door.
OLENNA: Don’t you walk away from me.
SPARROW: You don’t give commands here, Lady Olenna.
OLENNA: What is it you want? Gold? I’ll make you the richest septon who ever lived.
The High Sparrow laughs.
OLENNA: What then?
SPARROW: I imagine this is strange for you. Everyone you meet has a hidden motive, and you pride yourself on slitting in and out. But I’m telling you a simple truth: I serve the gods. The gods demand justice.
OLENNA: How do they communicate their demands? By raven or horse?
SPARROW: By the holy text. The seven pointed star. If you don’t have one in your library I’ll give you my own.
OLENNA (with contempt): I’ve read the seven pointed star.
SPARROW: Then you’ll remember the passages concerning buggery and perjury. Your grandchildren will be punished in the same manner as anyone who breaks the sacred laws.
OLENNA: Half the men, women, and children in this foul city break the sacred laws. You live among murderers, thieves, and rapists. And yet you punish Loras for shagging and Margaery for defending her brother?
SPARROW: Yes. The Gods’ laws must be applied to all equally.
OLENNA: If it’s equality you want then so be it. When House Tyrell stops sending our crops to the capital, everyone here will starve. And I’ll make sure the hungry know who to blame,
SPARROW: Have you ever served the field, Lady Olenna? Have you ever reaped the grain? Has anyone in House Tyrell? A lifetime of wealth and power has left you blind in one eye. You are the few. We are the many. And when the many stop fearing the few…
He walks out of the room.
EXT. SEPT OF BAELOR
SQUIRE: Lady Olenna.
He hands her a letter with Baelish's mockingbird sigil.
CERSEI: Starving yourself won't make things any better for her, my love.
TOMMEN: She’s in a prison cell and there’s nothing I can do. I am the king! The queen is in prison and there’s nothing I can do!
Tommen walks to the window. Cersei joins him.
CERSEI: No matter who you are, no matter how strong you are, sooner or later, you'll face circumstances beyond your control.
TOMMEN: I’ll call in the army. I’ll take back the sept and kill every last one of them. I’ll start a war if I have to.
CERSEI: You know as well as I do who the first casualty in that war would be.
TOMMEN: I love her. I love her. I can’t help her.
CERSEI: We must be strong for those we love. We cannot give in to despair.
TOMMEN: I will speak to the high sparrow. There must be something--
CERSEI: Let me speak to him on your behalf. The king cannot dirty sully himself negotiating with an unwashed fanatic.
CERSEI: Your happiness is all I want in this world
TOMMEN: I know.
CERSEI: No you don’t. You can’t possibly. Not until you have children of your own. I would do anything for you. Anything to keep you from harm. I would burn cities to the ground. That is all that matters. You and your sister. From the moment you came into this world, my boy. My only boy.
Cersei embraces him and starts crying.
INT. DORNE
Jaime is being kept in a closely monitored room.
AREO: Prince Doran hopes this satisfies your concerns about the princess’s wellbeing.
Areo brings Myrcella into the room.
MYRCELLA: You looked different when I left. You had more hair.
JAIME: And more hands. How’s Trystane?
MYRCELLA: He’ll be alright.
JAIME: I’m sorry for that. It wasn’t supposed to happen that way.
MYRCELLA: Why is it happening at all?
JAIME: Your mother’s worried about you. Threats have been made. Dorne is too dangerous for you. I’ve come to take you home.
MYRCELLA: This is my home, this has been my home for years. I didn’t want to come here but she told me to. I did what she said, I did my duty and now she’s forcing me to go back?
JAIME: It's for your own good. These are complicated matters.
MYRCELLA: It’s not complicated at all, it’s simple. I love Trystane, I’m going to marry him, and we’re staying right here.
JAIME: I don’t understand.
MYRCELLA: Of course you don’t! You don’t know me!
Myrcella leaves the room.
BRONN (singing): Brothers oh brothers, my days here are done, the Dornishman’s taken my life. Bur what does it matter, for all men must die, and I’ve tasted the Dornishman’s wife! Yes I’ve tasted the Dornishman’s wife!
In the adjacent cell to Bronn, Tyene claps as the other Snakes glare at her.
TYENE: He’s got a good voice.
OBARA: We’re lucky he’s a singer. If he were a fighter we might have been in trouble.
BRONN: It’s against my code to hurt a woman.
OBARA: It’s amazing how many men we beat seem to have this code.
BRONN: I wouldn’t say you beat me.
TYENE: How’s your arm?
BRONN: Wonderful. Wouldn’t feel right to leave Dorne without a new scar.
TYENE: You think you’re leaving Dorne?
BRONN: No great hurry. Dornish women are the most beautiful women in the world.
TYENE: Thank you.
BRONN: I said Dornish women. I didn’t say you.
TYENE: I’m not the most beautiful woman you’ve ever seen?
BRONN: I’ve seen quite a few women in all the Seven Kingdoms.
TYENE: Name one more beautiful than I am.
BRONN: Well now, in King’s Landing there was an absolutely gorgeous...
Tyene takes one of her breasts out of her tunic.
TYENE: There was a what? In King’s Landing you were saying.
BRONN: Was I?
TYENE: There was a woman more beautiful than I am.
Tyene takes both her breasts out.
BRONN: Was there? My memory’s not what it was earlier.
TYENE: How’s your arm now?
BRONN: You seem concerned with it. You must really like me.
Tyene undoes the rest of her tunic.
TYENE: And how about your head?
BRONN: My head… You don’t even wanna know what’s going on in…
As Bronn scans her naked body, his vision starts to blur and he collapses to the ground.
TYENE: Your nose is bleeding.
BRONN: It’s nothing. It’s the dry air.
TYENE: My dagger was coated with a special ointment from Asshei. They call it the Long Farewell. It takes time to work, but if a single drop makes contact with the skin, death.
She holds a tiny blue cap up to Bronn from her cell.
TYENE: The only antidote. Who’s the most beautiful woman in the world?
Bronn gasps for breath.
TYENE: Sorry? Who?
BRONN (finally): You.
TYENE: Don’t drop it.
Tyene tosses it into his cell and Bronn downs it.
TYENE: I think you’re very handsome as well.
Littlefinger peers at the Great Sept of Baelor through the window. The brothel is destroyed, with many seven-pointed stars scribbled on the floor, walls, and artwork.
BAELISH: I’m sorry about the locale.
OLENNA: No you’re not.
BAELISH: It felt like the safest place.
OLENNA: Not for your clientele, clearly.
BAELISH: It was an establishment like no other. The sheer range of appetites catered to, desires that didn’t exist until we invented them.
OLENNA: You’ve always been rather impressed with yourself, haven’t you?
BAELISH: The past is the past. The future is all that’s worth discussing. The future of House Tyrell.
OLENNA: Don’t pretend to have any concern for my house, my grandchildren, or me. I should have known you’d return to the capital once things started going wrong.
BAELISH: I promise you..
OLENNA: I promise you, Lord Baelish, that our fates are joined. Together we murdered a king. And if my house should fall, I would have nothing to hide. And if i should meet with some accident here at this broken little flesh market, they’ll never even find what’s left of you. So do you deny a part in all of this?
BAELISH: Cersei summoned me to King’s Landing. I dared not refuse her.
OLENNA: And what did she want?
BAELISH: A piece of info that she know that I had. Neither silence nor lies were an option. But I have other information of which she is unaware. And as you say, our interests are aligned. I have a gift for you.
OLENNA: What kind of gift?
BAELISH: The same kind I gave Cersei. A handsome young man.
Gladiators prepare their swords and armor.
SLAVE OWNER: Many worthy fighters have died trying to make it to the Great Games. When most of you worthless scum join them in death this afternoon it will represent a significant rise in your station. But if you happen to triumph here you will fight at the great pit of Daznak itself in front of the queen. So whatever happens, the gods have smiled upon you today. Today is the day your lives actually start to mean something.
Close-up on Jorah.
OWNER (O.S.): You and you, you, you two, you, you, and you.
Jorah is not one of the gladiators selected.
OWNER: Valar morghulis.
MEN: Valar dohaeris.
OWNER: Prepare yourselves.
EXT. FIGHTING PIT
DAENERYS: Sitting through the great games will be bad enough.
HIZDAHR: For generations, in the days leading up to the great games, it has been customary for our ruler to make the rounds to the lower pits to pay the fighters there the honor of her presence.
The fighters enter the pit.
OWNER: Move yourselves!
The slave owner sees Daenerys and runs in front of her and Hizdahr.
OWNER: Your Grace. Your Future Grace. You honor us all.
The owner gets all his gladiators to face Dany, whispering instructions to them.
OWNER: “We fight and die for your glory, O glorious queen.”
MEN: “We fight and die for your glory, O glorious queen.”
The fight begins
Jorah hears “O glorious queen” and runs to the edge of the pit. He sees Daenerys through the grated entrance to the ring.
EXT. FIGHTING PIT
One bald gladiator dominates the pit. He slits one fighter’s throat, and slices another fighter’s leg as he runs away.
DAENERYS: I think I’ve seen enough.
HIZDAHR: Your Grace, it’s a tradition for the queen to stay until the victor has emerged.
DAENERYS: I’ve sacrificed more than enough for your traditions.
Jorah straps a helmet on.
TYRION: What are you doing?
EXT. FIGHTING PIT
Jorah rushes the pit. His owner tries to stop him but he knocks him out with the butt of his sword. Jorah takes out the bald man as he was smashing a man’s head in with a rock. Daenerys takes notice of the fighter but can’t see his face.
The other gladiators that weren’t chosen to fight follow Jorah’s lead and enter the ring. Tyrion tries but is chained up. He starts sawing at his chain.
EXT. FIGHTING PIT
Jorah melees a fighter with a shield, then knocks another out with his own helmet.
A giant man sees Tyrion sawing at his chains. He raises a giant sword above Tyrion’s head, but comes down on the chain, freeing Tyrion. Tyrion nods in thanks.
EXT. FIGHTING PIT
Daenerys is watching intently now. Jorah is the last man standing. He walks up to Daenerys and Hizdahr and removes his helmet. She stares at him for a moment.
DAENERYS: Get him out of my sight.
Her men grab Jorah.
JORAH: Khaleesi, please, I just need a moment of your time. I brought you a gift.
TYRION (O.S.): It’s true. He has.
Tyrion enters the pit.
DAENERYS: Who are you?
TYRION: I am the gift. It’s a pleasure to meet you, Your Grace. My name is Tyrion Lannister.
Cut to Dany in shock and deep thought after hearing his name.
Cersei enters Margaery’s cell.
CERSEI: This is horrible. Unacceptable. Are they feeding you enough at least? I brought you this. Venison. It’s quite good. I had it myself for supper only last night. We did everything we could from the moment they took your brother. Tommen even went to the sept himself to confront the high sparrow, but I fear The Faith has left reason behind.
MARGAERY: I know you did this.
CERSEI: We are making every effort on your behalf. I swear to you by all the seven gods.
MARGAERY: Lies come easily to you. Everyone knows that. But innocence, decency, concern? You’re not very good at those, I’m afraid. Perhaps that’s why your son was so eager to cast you aside for me.
CERSEI: You’re upset. You’re not thinking clearly. I’ll visit again when you’ve had a chance to calm down.
MARGAERY: I don’t want to see you again.
CERSEI: I do hope you change your mind about that. I’ve been told men often go mad in the Black Cells below the Red Keep, but I suppose your isolation will end once your trial begins.
MARGAERY: Leave.
CERSEI: Yes, I’m afraid I must. My son needs me now more than ever.
Margaery throws the medicine at Cersei.
MARGAERY: Get out you hateful bitch!
CERSEI: Sleep well, sister.
Cersei walks out smiling. She is taken to High Septon’s room by a Sparrow.
HIGH SPARROW (to Sparrow): Thank you. (to Cersei) You saw her?
CERSEI: Yes.
SPARROW: And?
CERSEI: Her accommodations seem sufficient. What happens to her now?
SPARROW: Well she and her brother are both being held under fair suspicion. A trial will be held for each of them to determine if they are guilty of any acts that might constitute a violation of the tenants of the faith.
CERSEI: Who will stand judge?
SPARROW: Seven septons. As it was in all trials before the Targaryens.
CERSEI: Will you be one of them?
SPARROW: I will.
CERSEI: If one or both of them were to confess before the trial…
SPARROW: Then they will be at The Mother’s mercy.
CERSEI: What does The Mother’s mercy entail?
SPARROW: It depends on the situation. The acts themselves, the degree of contrition.
CERSEI: Thank you High Septon for bringing them whatever justice they deserve in the eyes of the Seven.
SPARROW: Did you know this chapel is one of the oldest structures in King’s Landing?
CERSEI: I think I may have heard at one point.
SPARROW: Baelor built his sept around it. But men worshipped here long before him.
The High Septon gestures to a stone altar with seven-pointed stars engraved into it.
SPARROW: Who carved this altar do you know?
CERSEI: I’m afraid i don’t.
SPARROW: No one does. There’s no name on it. Or anywhere else in the chapel. The people who built this place didn’t inflict their vanity on the people who came after them. The way Baelor did with that great gilded monstrosity out there. Their faith was clean.
Strip away the gold and the ornaments, knock down the statues and the pillars, and this is what remains. Something simple, solid, and true. The Tyrell’s finery will be stripped away. Their lives knocked down, their true hearts laid bare for all to see. And so it will be for all of us, high and low alike. What will we find when we strip away your finery?
The High Septon stares intently at Cersei.
SPARROW: A young man came to us not long ago, broken in body and spirit. He had so much to strip away, so much weighing him down. But piece by piece he unburdened himself. Let go of vanity, pride, sin, now his soul is so light he will float through the Seven Heaves like a bird.
Cersei gives a faint laugh.
SPARROW: And he has much to say about you.
Lancell enters the room and stands next to the High Septon. Cersei goes for the door and is blocked.
CERSEI: Move. Let me go immediately.
Cersei is grabbed and carried away from the room.
CERSEI (O.S.): You will order her to let me go! I am the queen! I am the queen! Have you lost your mind? Let me go! You filthy… I am the queen! Let me go!
INT. BLACK CELL
Cersei is thrown into the cell. She looks up at the people who put her there.
CERSEI: Look at me. Look at my face. It’s the last thing you’ll see before you die.
The door slams closed and is bolted shut.
END EPISODE
JORAH: Your Grace, I want to say--
DAENERYS: You will not speak. How do I know you are who you say you are?
TYRION: If only I were otherwise.
DAENERYS: If you are Tyrion Lannister why shouldn’t I kill you? To pay your family back for what it did to mine
TYRION: You want revenge against the Lannisters? I killed my mother Joanna Lannister the day I was born. I killed my father Tywin Lannister with a bow to the heart. I am the greatest Lannister killer of our time.
DAENERYS: So I should welcome you into my service because you murdered members of your own family?
TYRION: Into your service? Your Grace we have only just met. It’s too soon to know if you deserve my service.
DAENERYS: If you’d rather return to the fighting pits just say the word.
TYRION: When I was a young man I heard a story about a baby born during the worst storm in living memory. She had no wealth, no lands, no army, only a name and a handful of supporters, most of whom probably thought they could use that name to benefit themselves. They kept her alive, moving her from place to place, often hours ahead of the men who had been sent to kill her. She was eventually sold off to some warlord on the edge of the world and that appeared to be that. And then a few years later the most well informed person I knew told me that this girl without wealth, lands, or armies had somehow acquired all 3 in a very short span of time, along with three dragons. He thought she was our best, last chance to build a better world. I thought you were worth meeting at the very least.
DAENERYS: And why are you worth meeting? Why should I spend my time listening to you?
TYRION: Because you can not build a better world on your own. You have no one at your side who understands that land you want to rule. The strengths and the weaknesses of the houses that will either support or oppose you.
DAENERYS: I have a very large army and very large dragons.
TYRION: Killing and politics aren’t always the same thing. When I served as Hand of the King I did quite well with the latter considering the king in question preferred torturing animals to leading his people. I could do an even better job advising a ruler worth the name.
DAENERYS: So you want to advise me. Very well. (looks to Jorah) What would you have me do with him? I swore I would kill him if he ever returned.
TYRION: I know.
DAENERYS: Why should the people trust a queen who can’t keep her promises?
TYRION: Whomever Ser Jorah was when he started informing on you, he is no longer that man. I can’t remember seeing the same man as devoted to anything as he is to serving you. He claims he would kill for you and die for you, and nothing I have witnessed gives me reason to doubt him. And yet he did betray you.
Tyrion approaches Daenerys and Missandei. Her guards raise their spears to her. Daenerys waves them off.
TYRION: Did he have an opportunity to confess his betrayals?
DAENERYS: Yes, many opportunities.
TYRION: And did he?
DAENERYS: No. Not until forced to do so.
DAENERYS: So I should kill him?
TYRION: A ruler who kills those that are devoted to her is not a ruler that inspires devotion. And you’re going to need to inspire devotion, and lots of it, if you’re ever going to rule across the Narrow Sea. But you cannot have him by your side when you do.
DAENERYS: Remove Ser Jorah from the city.
Daenerys and Jorah hold back tears. Jorah is escorted out of the Pyramid. Jorah checks his Greyscale and walks away.
INT. BLACK CELLS
The Septa holds water out to Cersei.
SEPTA: Confess.
CERSEI: My son. Let me speak to--
She slaps Cersei with a spoon.
SEPTA: Confess. I meant it.
CERSEI: My face will be the last thing you see before--
She slaps her with a spoon again then leaves. Cersei starts screaming.
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE
ARYA: My name is Lana. I’m an orphan. When I was 8 I begged enough money to buy my first bucket of oysters, and I sold that bucket and made enough money to buy 2 more.
Arya pushes an oyster cart through a crowded market.
ARYA (V.O.): Iit took a while but I finally saved enough to buy myself an oyster cart. Now every morning I make my way down to the canals. I pass the fish mongers and the bakers. I usually see Lhara, my first customer of the day on my way home. Then I turn left onto Moonsinger Lane--
CUT TO: INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE
Jaqen slaps her.
ARYA: Left onto Ragman Lane, where I do most of my trade.
JAQEN: Lana is very impressive. Very industrious. She will make a fine servant for the Many Faced God.
ARYA: How will she serve him?
JAQEN: She will no longer turn left onto Ragman Lane. She will turn right and go to Ragman Harbor.
ARYA: What will she do there?
JAQEN: She will see.
ARYA: See what?
JAQEN: How can a man tell a girl this. If he knew what she would see, there would be no reason to send her.
ARYA: Oysters, clams and cockles!
Arya takes a right with the cart.
ARYA: Oysters clams and cockles! Oysters clams and cockles!
THIN MAN: Your oysters fresh?
ARYA: Best in the city.
THIN MAN: You wouldn’t lie to an old man would you?
Arya cracks an oyster and hands him one he slurps it.
THIN MAN: Very nice. Give me 4. With vinegar.
A man throws a bag of money and a map on the Thin Man’s table.
MAN: It’s my 18th voyage. I’ve returned from all of them without a scratch on me.
THIN MAN: Can’t do it.
He is carried away as the Thin Man slurps the oyster
CUT TO: INT. THE HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE
JAQEN: The man is a gambler. He wages that his sailor's ship will make it to its destination. It is a strange wager for the captain. He only wins if he loses his life.
ARYA: So why would a captain make the wager in the first place?
JAQEN: A girl tells a man that she has seen.
ARYA: If the captain dies, the thin man pays his family a lot of money.
JAQEN: But perhaps the gambler loses his bet and decides that he doesn’t have to pay after all. A destitute woman and her small child, what can they do to such a man if he keeps their money for himself? To whom can they turn for recourse?
Arya looks to see a man praying on the floor.
ARYA: The Many Faced God. You said you didn’t know what I would see at the docks.
JAQEN: A man had no idea what she would see and what she would not. A girl named Lana will return to the docks. She will watch the gambler. She will come to know as much about him as she knows about herself.
ARYA: And then what?
JAQEN: A gift for the Thin Man.
He holds up a clear vile. Arya takes the vile, smiling.
WAIF: She is not ready.
JAQEN: Perhaps she is, perhaps she’s not.
WAIF: And if she’s not?
JAQEN: It is all the same to the Many Faced God.
INT. BLACK CELLS
Qyburn enters the cell and bows.
QYBURN: The trial will take place. The High Sparrow will be presenting a substantial case against you.
CERSEI: The charges?
QYBURN: Fornication, treason, incest, the murder of King Robert.
CERSEI: All lies.
QYBURN: Of course, Your Grace. My concern is that The Faith does not adhere to the same standards of proof as the crown. And I hope you’ll excuse me for saying it, but belief is so often the death of reason.
CERSEI: I wish you’d said it sooner. Any word from Jaime?
QYBURN: I’m afraid not. Your Grace, Grand Maester Pycelle has summoned your Uncle Kevan back from Casterly Rock to serve as Hand of the King. He now presides over the small council.
CERSEI: Tell him I need to speak to him.
QYBURN: I implored him to visit you but he would not.
CERSEI: What about my son, the king? If you can visit me then surely the king--
QYBURN: Your arrest, and Queen Margaery’s arrest, the king has not taken well. He remains in his chambers, his servants often find his food in the hall. Left untouched.
CERSEI: You need to talk to him, you need to talk to my son to come and see me, come and see his mother.
QYBURN: I tried my grace, he wouldn’t see me. He wouldn’t see anyone.
CERSEI: I can’t stay here.
QYBURN: There is a way, Your Grace. A way out.
CERSEI: Confess? To the High Sparrow? I won’t. I made him. I rose him up from nothing, I will not kneel before some barefooted commoner and beg his forgiveness.
The septa enters the room.
QYBURN: Goodbye my queen. The work continues.
Qyburn leaves the cell.
Theon enters Sansa’s room and sets food down.
SANSA: Why. Why Theon.
THEON: Not Theon. There is no Theon. Reek.
SANSA: Reek. Why did you tell him, Reek?
THEON: I was helping you. You were trying to escape, there is no escape. Not ever. Theon Greyjoy tried to escape. The master knew. He knows everything. He hunted him, he caught him, he strapped him to a cross, and cut away piece after piece until there was no Theon left.
SANSA: Good. If it weren’t for you I’d still have a family. If I could do to you what Ramsay did to you right here, right now, I would.
THEON: I deserved everything. I deserve to be Reek. I did terrible things. Turned on Robb. Captured Winterfell. Killed those boys.
THEON: They weren’t “those boys”, they were Bran and Rickon. They were your brothers, you’d know them since they were born.
THEON: They weren’t. They were only--
SANSA: Only what?
THEON: I can’t..
SANSA: Tell me!
THEON: I can’t, not unless the master says...
SANSA: Tell me, they weren’t what?!
THEON: They weren’t...
SANSA Tell me why Bran and Rickon should be dead while you still breathe the air. Tell me to my face Theon, tell me that they weren’t your brothers!
THEON: They weren’t Bran and Rickon! I couldn’t find them. It was two farm boys. I killed them and burned them so no one would know.
SANSA: You didn’t…?
Theon shakes his head no.
SANSA: Do you know where they went, Bran and Rickon?
THEON: I can’t talk to you anymore.
SANSA: Theon, you have to tell me, do you have any idea where Bran and Rickon--
THEON: Not Theon, Reek!
Theon runs out the door.
BOLTON BANNERMAN: Our scouts tells us he’s got no more than 6000 men. More than half of them are mounted, however.
ROOSE: And how high can Stannis’ horses jump? Our walls have been full repaired our walls have been reinforced. We have enough food for six months. We are more prepared for a siege than they could have ever been. All we have to do is wait for them to freeze, starve, and mutiny.
Ramsay gives a disagreeing look.
ROOSE: You disagree?
RAMSAY: Stannis isn’t from the North. You are, father. I think you’re missing an opportunity to show the people of the North how House Bolton treats southern invaders.
ROOSE: And what do you recommend?
RAMSAY: That we not sit and wait to let Stannis to decide what type of fight this is going to be. That we hit first, and hit hard, and leave a feast for the crows.
ROOSE: A smart commander does not surrender a defensive advantage. As long as we stay behind these walls they can’t touch us. Not to mention that the snow is so deep that we couldn’t get an army through if we wanted to.
RAMSAY: I don’t need an army. I need 20 good men.
INT. MEEREEN
DAENERYS: So have you decided yet? Whether I’m worthy of your service?
TYRION: Have you decided yet whether you’re going to have me killed?
DAENERYS: It’s probably my safest option.
TYRION: I can see why you would think so. It’s what your father would have done.
DAENERYS: And what would your father do?
TYRION: My father? Who publicly sentenced me to death? I’d say his thoughts on having me killed were abundantly clear.
DAENERYS: Is that why you killed him?
TYRION: Some day if you decide not to execute me, I’ll tell you all about why I killed my father. And on that day, should it ever come, we’ll need more wine than this.
DAENERYS: I know what my father was. What he did. I know the Mad King earned his name.
TYRION: So here we sit, two terrible children of two terrible fathers.
DAENERYS: I’m terrible?
TYRION: I’ve heard stories.
DANERYS: Why did you travel to the other side of the world to meet someone terrible?
TYRION: To see if you were the right kind of terrible.
DAENERYS: Which kind is that?
TYRION: The kind that prevents your people from being even more so.
DAENERYS: I did reopen the fighting pits. Under my rule murder will once again become entertainment.
TYRION:  Yes, that was wise. And you agreed to marry someone you loathed for the greater good. Very impressive. My own sister married someone she loathed as well, though not by choice and certainly not for the greater good, Gods forbid. She ended up having him killed.
DAENERYS: Perhaps it won’t come to that.
TYRION: It’s not impossible that Varys was right about you after all.
DAENERYS: Varys? King Robert’s spy master?
TYRION: Yes. He was the one who convinced me to come find you. He was my travelling companion before Ser Jorah seized that role for himself.
DAENERYS: Jorah sent my secrets to Varys. For 20 years the spider oversaw the campaign to find and kill me.
TYRION: He did what he had to do to survive. He did a lot of other things that he didn’t have to do. I suspect he’s the main reason you weren’t slaughtered in your crib.
DAENERYS: But you trust him?
TYRION: Yes, oddly. He might be the only person in the world that I trust. Besides my brother.
DAENERYS: The brother who killed my father.
TYRION: That’s the one.
DAENERYS: Perhaps I will have you killed after all.
TYRION: Your queenly prerogative. I had given up on life until Varys convinced me you might be worth living for. You chop off my head? Well, my final days were interesting.
DAENERYS: I’m not going to kill you.
TYRION: No? Banish me?
DAENERYS: No.
TYRION: So if I’m not going to be murdered, and I’m not going to be banished...
DAENERYS: You’re going to advise me. (takes his wine cup) While you can still speak in complete sentences.
TYRION: Advise you on what?
DAENERYS: How to get what I want.
TYRION: The Iron Throne. Perhaps you should try wanting something else.
DAENERYS: If I want jokes I’ll get myself a proper fool.
TYRION: I’m not entirely joking. There’s more to the world than Westeros after all. How many hundreds of thousands of lives have you changed for the better here? Perhaps this is where you belong. Where you can do the most good.
DAENERYS: I fought so that no child born into Slaver’s Bay would ever know what it was like to be bought or sold. I will continue that fight here and beyond. But this is not my home.
TYRION: And when you get back to your home, who supports you?
DAENERYS: The common people.
TYRION: Let’s be generous and assume that’s going to happen. Here in Slaver’s Bay you had the support of the common people and only the common people. What was that like, ruling without the rich? House Targaryen is gone, not a single person who shares your blood is alive to support you. The Starks are gone as well, our two terrible fathers saw to that. The remaining Lannisters won’t back you, not ever. Stannis Baratheon won’t back you either, his entire claim to the Throne depends on the illegitimacy of yours. That leaves the Tyrells. Not impossible, but not enough.
DAENERYS: Lannister, Targaryen, Baratheon, Stark, Tyrell. They’re all just spokes on a wheel. This one's on top, then that ones on top and on and on it spins, crushing the people on the ground.
TYRION: It’s a beautiful dream. Stopping the wheel. You’re not the first person to have dreamt it.
DAENERYS: I’m not going to stop the wheel. I’m going to break the wheel.
EXT. FIGHTING PIT
Two gladiators spar. Jorah walks to the pit. The master whistles for them to stop fighting. Jorah flips him a coin.
JORAH: You said whoever wins would fight at the Great Pit in front of the queen. I won.
MASTER: You struck me.
JORAH: I’ve been flogged if it makes you happy. I’m the best you’ve got. If I win at the Great Pit how much can you sell me for?
MASTER: You’re a free man, you could have gone anywhere, why did you come back?
JORAH: Let me fight for her and I belong to you.
INT. BLACK CELLS
SEPTA: Thirsty? Confess.
CERSEI: I’ll get out of here, you realize. Before long.
SEPTA: Confess.
CERSEI: I can make you a wealthy woman. A lady of the court.
SEPTA: Confess.
CERSEI: I can make sure you die in the most hideous way imaginable, and all I do is sit here imagining ways for you to die.
She dumps her water out on the floor. Cersei licks it from the floor when she leaves.
GILLY: Does it hurt?
SAM: No.
GILLY: Good.
SAM: How are you?
GILLY: I’m not the one who got punched and kicked in the face.
SAM: You know what I mean.
GILLY: I’m good.
SAM: Are you scared?
GILLY: A little.
SAM: Me too.
There is a knock on the door. Sam grabs his knife.
SAM: Who’s there?
OLLY: Olly.
Sam puts the knife down.
SAM: Come in.
OLLY: I heard what happened.
SAM: Not to worry. Men brawl from time to time. It’s only natural.
Olly sets a tray of food on Sam’s bed.
OLLY: Figured you were hungry.
SAM: You’re a good lad.
OLLY: Wanted to ask you something. (Olly looks at Gilly) If you’ve got the time.
GILLY: I need to check on baby Sam.
She exits the room.
SAM: Now then. How can I help?
OLLY: It’s about the Lord Commander.
SAM: Yes?
OLLY: He’s going up to Hardhome to save all them wildlings. Wildlings killed my mom and dad. They killed everyone in my village.
SAM: We’ve been fighting them for years.
OLLY: This wasn’t a fight. We were farmers and they slaughtered us. So why’s he saving them?
SAM: Wildlings are people, just like us. There are good ones and bad ones.
OLLY: The one he’s travelling with, the one with the red beard, he led the raid on my village.
SAM: Olly...
OLLY: How can he trust him?
SAM: I’ve seen the army of the dead. I’ve seen the white walkers, and they’re coming for us, for all the living. And when it’s time we’ll need every last man we can find.
OLLY: But what if we let the wildings through the gates and they cut our throats while we sleep?
SAM: Jon’s taking a risk, but he has to. We don’t stand a chance otherwise. Sometimes a man has to make hard choices, choices that might look wrong to others but you know are right in the long run.
OLLY: You believe that?
SAM: With all my heart.
Olly looks conflicted. He walks towards the door.
SAM: Try not to worry Olly. I’ve been worrying about Jon for years. He always comes back.
The ships full of Crows and wildlings dock at Hardhome. Jon and Tormund get out together. The camera fixates on the swords on their hips.
TORMUND: You trust me Jon Snow?
JON: Does that make me a fool?
TORMUND: We are fools together now.
They walk to meet the men and women of Hardhome, lead by the Lord of Bones.
TORMUND: Lord of Bones. Been a long time.
LORD OF BONES: Last time I saw you the little crow was your prisoner. The other way around now. What happened?
TORMUND: War.
LORD OF BONES: You call that a war? The greatest army the North has ever seen cut to pieces by a southern king.
TORMUND: We should gather the elders find somewhere quiet to talk.
LORD OF BONES: You don’t give the orders here.
TORMUND: I’m not giving an order.
LORD OF BONES: Why aren’t you in chains?
JON: He’s not my prisoner.
LORD OF BONES: What is he?
JON: We’re allies.
The Hardhome wildlings complain loudly.
LORD OF BONES: You fucking traitor! You fight for the crows now.
TORMUND: I don’t fight for the crows.
JON: We’re not here to fight. We’re here to talk.
LORD OF BONES: Is that right? You and the pretty crow do a lot of talking, Tormund. And when you’re done talking, do you get down on your knees and suck his cock--
Tormund grabs the Lord of Bones’ staff from him and beats him to death with it.
TORMUND: Gather the elders and let’s talk.
Jon is surrounded by Karsi, a Wildling chieftess, Loboda, a Thenn, a Wildling elder, and various other Wildlings.
JON: My name’s Jon Snow. I’m Lord Commander of the Night’s Watch. We’re not friends. We’ve never been friends. We won’t become friends today. This isn’t about friendship. This is about survival. This is about putting a 700 foot wall between you and what’s out there.
KARSI: You built that wall to keep us out.
LOBODA: Since when do the crows give 2 shits if we live?
JON: In normal times we wouldn’t. But these aren’t normal times. The white walkers don’t care if a man’s Free Folk or Crow. We’re all the same to them. Meat to their army. But together we can beat them.
KARSI: Beat the white walkers? Good luck with that. Run from them, maybe.
Jon holds the bag full of Dragonstone to Karsi. She looks at it hesitantly.
JON: It’s not a trick. It’s a gift for those who join us.
Karsi examine the glass in shock.
JON: Dragonglass. A man of the Night’s Watch used one of these daggers to kill a walker.
LOBODA: You saw this?
JON: No. But I trust the man.
KARSI: There are old stories about Dragonglass.
LOBODA: There are old stories about ice spiders big as hounds.
KARSI: And with the things we’ve seen you don’t believe them?
JON: Come with me and I'll share these weapons.
KARSI: Come with you where?
JON: There are good lands south of the wall.  The Night's Watch will allow you through the tunnel and allow your people to farm those lands.
There is hesitation.
JON: I knew Mance Rayder. He never wanted a war with the Night’s Watch, he wanted a new life for his people. For you. We’re prepared to give you that new life.
KARSI: If…?
JON: If you swear you join us when the real war begins.
LOBODA: Where is Mance?
JON: He died.
LOBODA: How?
JON (after a long pause): I put an arrow through his heart.
The wildlings in the cabin start to riot.
LOBODA: I say we send the Lord Commander back to Castle Black with no eyes.
Loboda brandishes his axe. Tormund steps forward.
TORMUND: None of you saw Mance die! I did. The Southern King who broke our army, Stannis, wanted to burn him alive to send him a message. Jon Snow defied that cunt’s orders. His arrow was mercy. What it did took courage, and that’s what we need today: the courage to make peace with men we’ve been fighting for generations.
KARSI: I lost my father, my uncle, and 2 brothers fighting the damn crows.
JON: I’m not asking you to forget your dead. I’ll never forget mine. I lost 50 brothers the night that Mance attacked the wall. But I’m asking you to think about your children now. They’ll never have children of their own if we don’t band together. The Long Night is coming and the dead come with it. No clan can stop them. The free folk can’t stop them. The Night’s Watch can’t stop them. And all the southern kings can’t stop them. Only together, all of us, and even then it might not be enough, but at least then we’ll give the fuckers a fight.
There are small nods of approval throughout the room.
KARSI: You vouch for this man, Tormund?
TORMUND: He’s prettier than both my daughters, but he knows how to fight. He’s young, but he knows how to lead. He didn’t have to come to Hardhome. He came because he needs us. And we need him.
LOBODA: My ancestors would spit on me if I broke bread with a crow.
KARSI: So would mine, but fuck 'em, they’re dead.
Karsi walks in front of Jon.
I’ll never trust a man in black.
Karsi walks over to Tormund.
But I trust you, Tormund. If you say this is the way, we’re with you.
TORMUND: This is the way.
WILDLING ELDER: I’m with Tormund. We stay here we’re dead men. At least with King Crow there’s a chance.
GIANT: Tormund.
LOBODA: Keep that new life you want to give us. Keep your glass, King Crow. Soon as you get on his ships they’re gonna slit your throats and dump your bodies to the bottom of the Shivering Sea. That’s our enemy. That has always been our enemy.
Wildlings start leaving the cabin and head towards the boats.
KARSI (to Tormund): I fucking hate Thenns.
Tormund nods.
Jon, Tormund, and Karsi lead the Wildlings to the boats.
JON: How many are with us? 5000?
TORMUND: I’m not good at counting.
JON: We’re leaving too many behind.
TORMUND: The free folk are stubborn. You know how long it took Mance to band them together. 20 fucking years.
JON: And he knew them better than I ever will.
TORMUND: They’re running out of food and there’s nothing to hunt. They’ll come around.
Cut to Karsi loading two children onto a boat.
KARSI: Johnna is gonna look after you. She’s in charge, you listen to her.
DAUGHTER: I wanna go with you.
KARSI: I need to get the old folks on the boats. I’m right behind you, I promise. (she kisses them on the forehead) Go on.
The Giant picks up a piece of Dragonglass and strokes it intently. Edd begins picking up the pieces of glass and looks at the giant with his piece of glass. Wun Wun turns to Edd and stares at him annoyed.
WUN WUN: Lokh kif rukh?
Edd leaves. Dogs are barking outside.
Jon loads girls onto a boat then turns to hear the dogs barking. The wind starts whipping from a neighboring cliff and the dogs start whimpering. Every wildling and Crow slowly turns to the source of the noise.
LOBODA: Shut the gate.
Men hurry towards the gate to board it up. More howling from the distance. The Wildlings on the other side of the gate begin charging the gate.
LOBODA: Shut the gate!!
Men rush to put a board in place to hold the gate shut.
SHOUTING: Wait! Open the gate! Let us in! Help us! Please open it!
Loboda walks to the gate with his axe and peers through a small hole in the wall. There is a faint scream in the distance, then a wight charges at the hole in the wall.
LOBODA: Ready your arrows!
The wights claw at the gate. Arrows are nocked and fired. A wight sticks his hand through the gate and Loboda chops it off.
There is a mad rush towards the boats with many people jumping in the water to catch one.
JON: Get in line! Get in line!
A wight tries to climb the gate.
Wights crawl to the top of the cabin and jumps through the hole in the roof. The men prepare their weapons and the giant growls.
One wight tries to climb under the gate. A barrage of arrows flies at the wights trying to get through the wall. Most of them land. The wight crawls even further under the gate. The wights start making holes in the gate. A sword sticks through the gate coming close to Loboda on the gate. Loboda dodges the sword, looks down to see the wight crawling under the gate, and stomps its head in.
The people continue to rush onto the boats with Jon, Tormund, and Karsi leading them.
JON: Hold the line! Hold the line!
NIGHT’S WATCH BROTHER: Lord Commander!
JON: Get them to the ship and come back for me!
BROTHER: But you’ll never make it--
JON: Now!
Karsi approaches Jon.
JON: You should be on one of those boats.
KARSI: So should you ! My little girl has gone on. They're gonna let them pass the wall even if you’re not there ?
JON: You have my word. I’ve given orders.
KARSI: Don’t think you’re gonna be there to enforce those orders !
Karsi heads back to helping people onto the boats.
TORMUND: If they get through, everyone dies !
JON: Night’s Watch with me! Move! Move! Move!
Jon, Tormund, Karsi, and the Night’s Watch brothers charge from the shore to the gate.
The wights have knocked a hole into the gate big enough to crawl out of. One breaks through, tears someone apart, and then is taken down. A group of wights storm through the same hole. Cut to an overhead that shows just how many wights are behind the gate.
Jon arrives at the gate. He pins a wight to the gate with Longclaw as Tormund and Karsi kill the wights that have already gotten through. The archers take out the wight Jon pinned to the gate, and then the men cover the hole the wights had been escaping from with a sled.
Fighting continues. A group of wights tear into a Crow. Loboda and Karsi continue to kill the wights.
Jon looks up through the mist and sees 4 White Walkers on horseback on the top of the cliff.
JON: The Dragonglass!
LOBODA: You’re with me, lad! Now!
Jon and Loboda charge towards the cabin. Jon cuts a wight in half then kills another. The giant breaks through a wall in the cabin as the cabin starts to go down in flames. He shakes the wights off of his back, snapping some in half and stomping others into pieces. Jon and Loboda storm the cabin.
The entire cabin is on fire. A White Walker wielding a staff walks towards them through the fire.
LOBODA: Get the glass.
Loboda walks towards the White Walker as Jon scrambles towards the Dragonglass. Loboda misses with his axe twice, getting it caught in the wall. He pulls it out to parry in time, but the Walker’s spear shatters his axe. The Walker plunges his spear through Loboda's stomach.
Jon reaches the glass but is thrown across the room by the Walker before he can pick it up, causing Longclaw to fly out of the cabin. Jon ducks from the Walker’s swings with his spear, and runs out to grab another sword. The Walker swings and shatters the sword. He knocks Jon down again. Jon struggles, then gets up again, running to pick up Longclaw. He stumbles and drops the sword. The White Walker staggers towards him. Jon picks up Longclaw just in time to match the White Walker, and to both of their surprises, Longclaw stops the Walker’s spear. The Walker deflects one blow from Jon, but then he swings and shatters the Walker into pieces.
Jon falls to the ground after the struggle. The Night’s King watches him alone from the top of the cliff.
Tormund and Karsi continue to tear through wights. Karsi looks up, and sees a group of blue-eyed wight children staring at her. They do nothing for a moment, then charge at her, chewing and clawing her to death.
Cut to Jon crawling across the snow, coughing up blood. A man grabs him and Jon puts Longclaw to his neck. The man turns out to be Edd and they lower their weapons.
JON: The Dragonglass!
EDD: Fuck the glass! We’re gonna die here.
A screech comes from the top of the cliff. Hundreds of wights dive from the top of the cliff. They appear to have died for a brief moment after landing, but then wake up and charge at Jon and Edd.
Cut to Tormund continuing to hold the gate. The gate starts creaking then comes down. Tormund runs to the boat.
The giant starts roaring as the other gate comes down, swinging a fiery log. Jon, Tormund, and Edd sprint towards the boat with the giant clearing a path for them with the log. The Night’s King continues to watch them from the top of the cliff.
Jon, Tormund, and the Crow jump off the dock onto the boat.
JON: Go! Go! Go!
TORMUND: Wun Wun, to the sea.
The giant stays back, continuing to take out loads of wights by swinging his flaming log. He begins to walk towards the boat, ripping the wights hanging onto him off of his back and throwing them into the water to die.
JON: Let’s go now! Now!
Jon looks back to shore to see the Wights, along with a White Walker, killing the last surviving wildlings.
Slowly, a figure walks to the end of the dock. The camera pans up to reveal the Night’s King. He stares at Jon and Jon stares back. The Night’s King turns his head to the carnage at the edge of the shore and then looks back to Jon. He slowly starts raising his arms.The dead wildlings twitch, then open their eyes to reveal blue. Karsii comes back to life, blue-eyed . They all start standing up, joining the army of the dead, and staring at Jon. Jon can do nothing but stare back at the Night’s King back as the boat drifts away.
END EPISODE
A man walks by each of the tents.
INT. MELISANDRE’S TENT
Melisandre stares into the fire. She exits the tent.
Melisandre surveys the camp. In the distance, a tent catches on fire. Men start screaming and rushing out of their tents. A burning horse runs by Melisandre.
DAVOS: A band of 20 men, maybe less. They were in and out before anyone spotted them, burnt our food stores to the ground, all our siege weapons were destroyed, dozens of tents were--
STANNIS: Horses?
DAVOS: We’re still getting a count, but hundreds are dead.
STANNIS: 20 men rode into our camp without a single guard sounding the alarm?
DAVOS: The northerners know more about their land than we ever will.
STANNIS: Put last night’s guards in chains, either they fell asleep or they were conspiring with the enemy. Find out the truth and then hang them.
DAVOS: Unless there’s a thaw, we can’t press forward to Winterfell, and we don’t have enough food to get us back to Castle Black.
STANNIS: We’re not returning to Castle Black.
DAVOS: Forgive me, Your Grace, I never claimed to be an expert in military matters. But if we can’t march forward, and we won’t march back…
Stannis looks to Melisandre and Selyse. Davos follows his gaze then looks back.
STANNIS: Have the dead horses butchered for meat.
Stannis walks over to Melisandre.
EXT. THE WALL
The Hardhome survivors, led by Jon, Tormund, Tollett, and Wun-Wun, approach the wall. Alliser looks down at the group. Jon steps forward, Alliser stares for a moment, then--
ALLISER: Open the gates.
The lower gate is lifted.
EXT. CASTLE BLACK
The Hardhome Wildlings are being escorted through Castle Black.
JON: It was a failure.
SAM: It wasn’t.
JON: I went to save them, I failed.
SAM: You didn’t fail him, or him, or her. Every one of them is alive because of you, and no one else.
JON: I don’t think that fact’s lost on them.
Cut to many men of the Night’s Watch glaring at Jon, then Olly who exchanges a long look with Jon from the top of the stairs. Alliser walks down the steps to Jon.
ALLISER: You have a good heart, Jon Snow. It will get us all killed.
INT. STANNIS’ TENT
Stannis is studying his chessboard. There are 2 Baratheon pieces next to a sword and opposed to 2 Bolton pieces. Davos enters the tent.
DAVOS: You sent for me, Your Grace.
STANNIS: Find you some healthy horses and a few good men to guard you, I’m sending you back to Castle Black. Tell the Lord Commander to send food, supplies, fresh horses, in return when I take the throne I’ll make sure the Night’s Watch has all the men it requires. He can guard all 19 castles if he so wishes.
DAVOS: Your Grace, you’ve named me your Hand.
STANNIS: Yes.
DAVOS: The King’s Hand should never abandon the King, especially in a time of war.
STANNIS: You’re not abandoning me, you’re obeying a command.
DAVOS: A boy with a scroll could deliver this message.
STANNIS: And if Jon Snow refuses a boy with a scroll, what does the boy say? I didn’t name you hand for your expertise in military matters, ride for Castle Black, don’t come back empty handed.
DAVOS: Your Grace, perhaps Queen and Princess Shireen could accompany me.
STANNIS: My family stays with me.
DAVOS: At least let me take Shireen. A siege is no place for a little girl.
STANNIS: My family stays with me.
EXT. STANNIS’ CAMP
The men are shivering, waiting in line for food. Davos walks by.
INT. SHIREEN’S TENT
Shireen is reading one of her books. Davos enters.
DAVOS: What’s this one now?
SHIREEN: "The Dance of Dragons: A True Telling" by Grand Maester Munkun.
DAVOS: Well that sounds like a proper story.
SHIREEN: Ser Byron Swann wanted to kill the dragon Vhagar. He polished his shield for a week, til the steel was like a mirror. Then he crouched behind it, and crept forward, hoping the dragon would only see his own reflection.
DAVOS: But the dragon only saw a dumb man, holding a mirrored shield.
SHIREEN: And burnt him to a crisp.
Davos and Shireen share a laugh.
DAVOS: Thus ending the dragonslaying career of Ser Byron Swann. I made you something, Princess.
Davos hands her a stag carved out of wood.
DAVOS: Do you like it?
SHIREEN: He’s beautiful.
Shireen kisses him on the cheek.
SHIREEN: Thank you.
DAVOS: You’re very welcome.
SHIREEN: Will you make me a doe, too, so that he can have company?
DAVOS: Of course I will.
SHIREEN: But why am I getting a present?
DAVOS: Because you deserve it. My son was always on me trying to teach me to read. Gods, I was stubborn about it. Made it this far without reading, seemed to me I could make it to the grave. I wish I had listened to them. This is my own poor way of saying thank you for teaching me to be a grown up. (beat) I’ll be gone for a few days, Princess. I’ll want to hear all about the dance of dragons when I’m back.
SHIREEN: You’ll just have to read it yourself.
Davos kisses Shireen on her forehead then leaves. Shireen looks over the stag.
Jaime is escorted by Areo to Doran’s room.
JAIME: Prince Doran. (bows)
DORAN: Forgive us, we started without you. Please, sit.
JAIME: Princess Myrcella.
MYRCELLA: Uncle.
JAIME: What a lovely dress.
MYRCELLA: You don’t like it?
JAIME: You must be cold.
MYRCELLA: Not at all. The Dornish climate agrees with me.
JAIME: Prince Trystane. How’s your jaw?
TRYSTANE: A fleabite.
ELLARIA: What are you doing in Dorne?
JAIME: Looking out for the safety of my niece, the princess Myrcella.
DORAN: And rather than send a raven or speak to me directly you decided to enter my country in secret and abduct our guest by force.
JAIME: We received a threatening message. The princess’s necklace in the jaws of a viper.
Jaime looks at Ellaria.
MYRCELLA (surprised): That necklace was stolen from my room.
Doran looks at Ellaria. A servant sets down food and drink before Jaime.
JAIME: Ah. Excellent. The last meal before the beheading.
DORAN: We can’t behead you. Many in Dorne want war. But I’ve seen war. I’ve seen the bodies piled on the battlefields. I’ve seen the orphans starving in the cities. I don’t want to lead my people into that hell.
ELLARIA: No, you want to break bread with the Lannisters.
DORAN: And that is precisely what we are doing. (raises glass) Let us drink to Tommen, the first of his name, the King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms.
Everyone drinks. Ellaria dumps her cup out on the floor and looks at Doran.
DORAN: King Tommen insists on his sister’s return to the capital?
JAIME: I’m afraid he does.
DORAN: I cannot disobey my King’s command. (Ellaria glares at Doran) She will return with you to King’s Landing. And my son, Prince Trystane, will accompany you both. If the alliance between Dorne and the Iron Throne is to continue, their engagement must stand.
JAIME: I accept.
DORAN: One more thing. My brother was named to the small council before his death. Your father understood the importance of keeping Dorne in the loop. With Oberyn gone, Trystane will take his place on the small council.
JAIME: You have my word.
ELLARIA: The word of a Kingslayer.
Ellaria gets up and walks to Doran.
ELLARIA: No wonder you can’t stand. You have no spine.
Ellaria tries to leave the room. Doran grabs her wrist.
DORAN: You are mother to four of my nieces, girls I love very much. For their sake, I hope you live a long life. Talk to me that way again and you won’t.
Doran lets go. Ellaria leaves the room.
JAIME: May I inquire into the fate of my man?
DORAN: Tell me, Ser Jaime, in King’s Landing, how do they punish a commoner who strikes a prince?
JAIME: He said it was just a fleabite. The fault is mine. Bronn is merely a soldier following my orders. If anyone should be punished it’s me.
DORAN: Prince Trystane must learn judgement if he’s to rule one day. I’ll let him decide.
Jaime looks to Trystane. Trystane considers.
TRYSTANE: I have learned the value of mercy from my father. I will set your man free.
JAIME: You’re a good man.
TRYSTANE: On one condition.
Bronn is laying on the ground in his cell. Tyene and Nymeria are playing a game where one tries to slap the other’s hand before they pull their hands away. Nymeria slaps Tyene.
TYENE: You’re going to miss.
NYMERIA: I never miss.
TYENE: You will. You’re thinking too much. Now you’re nervous. “What if she’s right?”
Nymeria slaps at Tyene and Tyene gets out of the way in time.
NYMERIA: Luck.
TYENE: Now it’s my turn.
NYMERIA: You’re too slow. You’ve always been too slow.
Nymeria sticks her hands out and blows a kiss to Tyene. Tyene slaps her across the face then blows one back. They get in fighting stances as the guards arrive. They take Bronn out of his cell.
BRONN: Am I going to be happy at the end of this walk?
AREO: You’ll find out very soon.
Bronn starts leaving the prison.
TYENE: Say it one more time, handsome. Who am I?
BRONN: The most beautiful woman in the world.
TYENE: And that’s the truth!
NYMERIA: Slut.
Tyene laughs.
Areo escorts Bronn into Doran’s room.
JAIME: Prince Doran, Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.
DORAN: : I didn’t realize there were knights of the Blackwater.
BRONN: Only the one.
JAIME: I believe you’ve already met Prince Trystane.
BRONN: Prince. Sorry about the other day.
JAIME: Prince Trystane here is a man of mercy. He’s agreed to grant you your freedom.
BRONN: I’m glad to hear it. The pie looks good.
JAIME: There was one condition.
Jaime nods to Areo. Areo elbows Bronn in the jaw, knocking him to the ground.
DORAN: Perhaps some soup instead?
Arya pushes her oyster cart through the street.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cock--
Two shady looking men approach her.
MAN: How much for your little clam?
They laugh and walk away. Arya looks down the street and sees the Thin Man, looking over another sailor’s application.
ARYA: Oysters, clams, and cockels! Oysters, clams, and cockels!
Arya stops her cart, inspects the vile Jaqen gave to her, and tucks it back in her pouch. She starts pushing the cart again and makes eye contact with the Thin Man.
THIN MAN (waving): Come on.
Arya stares off into the distance.
THIN MAN: Some oysters, girl! I’m talking to you! Girl?! Are you deaf? Girl?!
Arya looks to the dock, and sees Meryn Trant and Mace Tyrell being helped off the boat. A Iron Banker approaches him and Arya starts walking away from the Thin Man and towards them.
BANKER: Lord Tyrell! On behalf of the Iron Bank, may I be the first to welcome you to the free city of Braavos. I hope your journey was trouble free.
MACE: Bit of chop the last few days but nothing too awful. Good to see the old chap is still guarding the Harbor.
BANKER: And how goes the harvest in the Reach?
MACE: Vintnors say this might be the best year for red grapes in half a century. If we come to a satisfactory arrangement, I’ll be sure to send the Arbor’s finest your way.
BANKER: I’m afraid I don’t partake.
Arya studies the group, focuses in on Meryn, and begins following them with her cart.
MACE: Some consider usury distasteful, dishonorable. Pure nonsense, of course.
BANKER: I'm glad we see eye-to-eye on this matter.
MACE: Did you know that at one point Maegor the third tried to outlaw it in the Seven Kingdoms? Wanted to arrest anyone caught charging interest and cut off both their hands.
Meryn and Arya exchange quick looks at each other.
BANKER: Most unfortunate for the glovers.
MACE: If a man charges low interest on a loan then he has nothing to gain and everything to lose, so why charge him? Whereas a reward makes a man willing to gamble.
BANKER: We are not gamblers here at the Iron Bank, Lord Tyrell.
MACE: You are the world's best gamblers. And all those bets you won built this.
Mace gestures to the Iron Bank and the camera cuts to it.
Arya is waiting on the steps of the building opposite the bank, eating her oysters. The men start walking out of the Bank.
BANKER: I’m afraid I still have a good deal of work to do.
MACE: Oh, nonsense. Work's over. Do you sing?
BANKER: I don't have that gift.
MACE: It's not a gift, it’s a skill, anyone can learn it. “So give me a kiss by the Long Canall and give me two kisses in Salty Town, for we are going to die, tomorrow. The bareheaded beggar, the king with his crown…”
Meryn Trant and his men walk through the doorway.
MERYN: I thought that old shit would never stop singing.
MAN: It wasn’t bad, though.
MERYN: The Tyrells can all rot in hell, treasonous cunts. They were going to make that boy-fucker Renly king.
They arrive at a door.
MERYN: This is the place, lads. The sleekest little minks in Braavos.
MAN: You’re buying?
MERYN: Oh, I’m buying. But I never was good at sharing.
They enter the brothel. Arya pulls up to the doorway with her cart and sees the men entering.
INT. BROTHEL
Arya walks through the door with a tray of oysters. The brothel keeper stops her.
BROTHEL KEEPER: Sell your fish somewhere else.
PROSTITUTE: Oh let her in, Brusco, I’m hungry. Come here, sweetness.
The brothel keeper gestures nods for Arya to go on. She walks to the prostitute and the man she’s with.
PROSTITUTE: They say oyster’s get the juices flowing. We’ll take half a dozen.
ARYA: Three coppers.
Arya begins cutting an oyster open.
JOHN: Here’s a silver because the lady likes you.
The man places a silver on her tray in exchange for the oysters. Arya turns and sees Trant’s men being taken to a back room.
Arya enters the room and peers through a divider to see a prostitute posing for Meryn.
MERYN: Too old.
HEAD PROSTITUTE: Brea.
Brea poses for Meryn.
MERYN: Too old.
HEAD: I have just the one. Anara our most expensive girl, but well worth it, I assure you.
A younger, 20-something prostitute poses for Meryn.
MERYN: Too old.
The people in the room share uneasy glances as they realize what he’s asking for.
MERYN: Do you have what I want or not?
HEAD: Of course. Of course.
One of Trant’s men crosses to the other side of the divider and confronts Arya.
MAN: Fresh? Come on, the lads are hungry.
The man drags her into the room.
MAN: Nothing better for you cock stand than fresh oysters.
MAN 2: I’ll have one.
Meryn stares at Arya.
HEAD: Who let this girl in? Shoo shoo!
The head prostitute brings in a child.
MERYN: Good.
The head prostitute hands Meryn an hourglass. He hands it back.
MERYN: I’ll tell you when we’re done.
He leads the girl towards a bedroom.
MERYN: You’ll have a fresh one for me tomorrow.
HEAD: Of course.
The head prostitute realizes Arya is still standing there.
HEAD: I’ll have you whipped, girl! Go on!
Arya leaves the room, but takes one last glance at where Meryn is taking the girl.
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE
Jaqen kneels next to a man at the fountain of the center of the room and offers him a drink from the fountain.
MAN: Valaar morghulis.
The man takes a drink. Arya approaches Jaqen.
JAQEN: And?
ARYA: The Thin Man wasn’t hungry today.
JAQEN: Perhaps that’s why the man is thin.
The man drops to the ground, creating a thud off-screen.
ARYA: Tomorrow.
JAQEN: Tomorrow.
JAQEN: A girl has work to do.
Arya walks towards the man who is now collapsed on the ground.
Doran is addressing Ellaria with Areo standing guard next to the three Sand Snakes.
DORAN: Your rebellion is over. You can swear your allegiance to me now, or you can die.
She kneels and kisses his ring, crying. Nymeria and Obara look disgusted, Tyene’s face reveals less.
DORAN: I believe in second chances. I don’t believe in third chances.
Jaime is writing a letter in his former cell that is now unlocked. Ellaria enters.
ELLARIA: You write like a 7 year old.
JAIME: Your maester kindly agreed to copy it over for me.
ELLARIA: He didn’t try to make you pay?
ELLARIA: Then maybe he’s changed. The Queen will be thrilled to know you’ll be bringing her daughter home
JAIME: She will.
ELLARIA: You love her very much, don’t you?
JAIME: Of course, she’s my niece.
ELLARIA: I wasn’t talking about her.
Jaime looks up from his writing at Ellaria.
ELLARIA: You think I disapprove. Why? Because people disapprove of that sort of thing where you are from? They disapproved of Oberyn and me where you are from. Here, no one blinked an eye. 100 years ago, no one would have blinked an eye at you if you had been named Targaryen.  It’s always changing, who we’re supposed to love and who we’re not.The only thing that stays the same is that we want who we want.
Ellaria pauses, taking a walks around the room.
ELLARIA: I know your daughter had no part in the terrible thing that happened to the man I loved. Perhaps even you were innocent of that.
Ellaria exits the room.
INT. SHIREEN’S TENT
Shireen plays with her stag figurine next to a fire and on top of her book. Stannis enters the tent.
SHIREEN: Father. Aren’t you cold?
STANNIS: No. What are you reading?
SHIREEN: The Dance of Dragons.
STANNIS: What’s it about?
SHIREEN: It’s the story of the fight between Rhaenyra Targaryen and her half-brother Aegon for control of the Seven Kingdoms. Both of them thought they belonged on the Iron Throne. When people started for declaring for one of them or the other, their fight divided the kingdom in two. Brothers fought brothers. Dragons fought dragons. By the time it was over, thousands were dead. And it was a disaster for the Targaryens as well. They never truly recovered.
STANNIS: “The dance of dragons”? Why is that a dance?
SHIREEN: That’s just what they call it.
STANNIS: Doesn’t make much sense.
SHIREEN: I think it’s poetic.
STANNIS: If you had to choose between Rhaenyra and Aegon, who would you have chosen?
SHIREEN: I wouldn’t have chosen either. It’s all the choosing sides that made things so horrible.
STANNIS: Sometimes a person has to choose. Sometimes the world forces his hand. If a man knows what he is and remains true to himself, the choice is not choice at all. He must fulfill his destiny and become who he is meant to be. However much he may hate it.
SHIREEN: It’s alright, father.
STANNIS: You don’t even know what I’m talking about.
SHIREEN: It doesn’t matter. I want to help you. Is there any way I can help?
STANNIS: Yes there is.
SHIREEN: Good, I want to. I’m the Princess Shireen of House Baratheon and I’m your daughter.
They hug.
STANNIS: Forgive me.
EXT. STANNIS’ CAMP
Shireen is flanked by guards as she walks towards a pyre, clutching the stag Davos gave her. When she arrives at the pyre Melisandre steps to the front.
SHIREEN: Where’s my father? I want to see my father.
MELISANDRE: It will all be over soon, Princess.
The men drag her to the pyre and tie her up.
SHIREEN: Where’s my father? No you can’t do this, father where are you?!
Stannis watches on from the crowd.
SHIREEN: Let me see my father! Where are you, please?!
SELYSE: It’s what the Lord wants. It’s a good thing. A great thing.
MELISANDRE: The year is now, my Lord. For you we offer up this girl, that you may cleanse her with your fire and that its light may lead our way.
SELYSE: If we don’t act then we’ll all starve here all of us, but if we make this sacrifice…
MELISANDRE: Accept this token of our faith, my lord and lead us from the darkness. Lord of Light show us the way!
SHIREEN: Mother, please mother! Mother, please mother!
SELYSE: I can’t.
STANNIS: There’s no other way. She has King’s blood.
MELISANDRE: Lord of Light protect us, for the night is dark and full of terrors!
SHIREEN: Mother, don’t do this please! Please help! Don’t do this! Please, father! Mother, help!
Melisandre lights the pyre. Selyse runs towards the pyre and is stopped by Stannis’ men. Shireen burns as Melisandre, Selyse, and Stannis look on, Melisandre pleased, Selyse horrified, and Stannis conflicted.
SELYSE: No...
Daenerys sits next to Missandei at the top of the pit, with an open seat between her and Tyrion at the end, and Daario standing behind them. Hizdahr takes the open seat.
DAENERYS: Where have you been?
HIZDAHR: Just making sure everything’s in order.
Camera pans through the fighting pit to reveal it is covered with House Targaryen sigils. An announcer steps to the middle of the pit and waves his arm to silence the crowd.
ANNOUNCER (Valyrian): Free citizens of Meereen! By the blessings of the Graces and her majesty the Queen, welcome to the Great Games!
ANNOUNCER: My queen, our first contest. Who will triumph: the strong or the quick?
QUICK: I fight and die for your glory, oh glorious queen.
STRONG: I fight and die for your glory, oh glorious queen.
They stand waiting in front of her. The crowd is silent.
HIZDAHR: They’re waiting for you. Clap your hands.
Daenerys looks down at the two men. After a moment, and with a look of disgust on her face, she claps her hands. The crowd roars and they start fighting. After some parries, the Quick man slices at the Strong man’s neck.
DAARIO: That one, the smaller man, no question, that’s where you should put your money.
TYRION: The smaller man it is.
DAENERYS: I’m not putting my money anywhere.
HIZDAHR: Kings and queens never bet on the games. Perhaps you should go find someone who does.
DAARIO: People used to bet against me when I fought in the pits. (looks at Hizdahr) He would have bet against me. Common novice mistake.
HIZDAHR: I have spent much of my life in Meereen, and in my experience, larger men do triumph over smaller man, far more often than not.
DAENERYS: Has your experience ever involved any actual fighting? You, yourself, have you ever tried to kill a man that was trying to kill you?
Hizdahr is silent.
DAARIO: Whenever I got into the pit against a beast like that one, the crowd saw me, all skin and bone back then, then they saw a pile of angry muscles ready to murder me. They couldn’t get their money out fast enough. But the pile of angry muscles never had any muscles here (he puts a dagger to his neck) or here (he puts the dagger to Hizdahr’s neck). And the big men were always too slow to stop my dagger from going where their muscles weren’t. Yes, whenever I saw a beast like that one, standing across from me making his beast faces, I knew I could rest easy.
The Strong man decapitates the Quick man with one quick stroke. Hizdahr smiles and Daario looks turns away angrily. Tyrion says nothing.
HIZDAHR: You don’t approve?
TYRION: There’s always been more than enough death in the world for my taste. I can do without it in my leisure time.
TYRION: It’s easy to confuse what is with what ought to be. Especially when what is has worked in your favor.
HIZDAHR: I’m not talking about myself. I’m talking about the necessary conditions of greatness.
Cut to pit workers carrying the decapitated head out of the pit, leaving a trail of blood behind.
DAENERYS: That is greatness?
HIZDAHR: That is a vital part of the great city of Meereen. Which has existed long before you arrived and will remain standing long after we have returned to the dirt.
TYRION: My father would have liked you.
ANNOUNCER: We ask again: who will triumph?
DAENERYS: One day your great city will return to the dirt as well.
HIZDAHR: At your command?
DAENERYS: If need be.
ANNOUNCER: A Meereenese champion?
The crowd applauds.
HIZDAHR: How many people will die to make this happen?
DAENERYS: If it comes to that they would have died for a good reason.
HIZDAHR (looks at pit): Those men think they’re dying for a good reason.
DAENERYS: Someone else’s reason.
HIZDAHR: So your reasons are true, and theirs are false. They don’t know their own minds, but you do.
TYRION: Well said, you’re an eloquent man. Doesn’t mean you’re wrong. In my experience, eloquent men are right every bit as often as imbeciles.
ANNOUNCER: ...or a Westerosi Knight?!
Crowd jeers.
JORAH (O.S.): I fight and die for your glory, oh glorious Queen.
Daenerys stares at Jorah. They both hold back emotion.
HIZDAHR: Your Grace--
DAARIO: Shut your mouth.
Daenerys claps. Jorah nods. They begin fighting, with Daenerys’ eyes following Jorah. He takes a blow to the mouth, is knocked down and starts bleeding. He gets up, has his sword knocked away, and pulls out a dagger. He wrestles with the man trying to choke him, throws him off, then stabs him in the chest. He pulls the dagger out, looking at Daenerys, throws it away, and picks up his longsword.
Jorah squares off against a flashy fighter that just brutally stabbed another fighter through the back. He slices Jorah in the cheek. The other two fighters square off, with a heavily armored fighter wielding a spear killing his opponent. The crowd cheers.
Jorah’s opponent slices Jorah’s arm then knocks him over, knocking his sword out of his hand. He holds his blade to Jorah’s throat. Both he and Jorah look to Daenerys.
TYRION: You can end this.
HIZDAHR: She cannot.
TYRION: You can!
The fighter holds his blade to Jorah’s throat. He is about to make a move when the other fighter comes over and stabs Jorah’s opponent in the back, killing him. Jorah gets up and faces the final opponent. Jorah matches the spearman, is knocked over, but catches the spear before it reaches his throat. He gets back up and the two face off again. Jorah spins, somersaults, and stabs him through the stomach, killing him. He looks up to Daenerys.
Jorah reaches for his opponent’s spear. He picks it up and hurls it towards Daenerys’ seat. Daario rushes to protect Daenerys and everyone else gets out of the way. It connects with a Son of the Harpy.
Cut to the crowd. Many audience members have put on Sons of the Harpy masks.
DAARIO: Protect your queen!
The Sons of the Harpy start slitting the throats of former slaves and Unsullied in the crowd. Unsullied guards and Daario surround Daenerys and Missandei, fighting off the Harpys. Hizdahr starts running towards Daenerys.
HIZDAHR: Your Grace, Your Grace, come with me! I know a way out! I know a way--
Two Sons of the Harpy come up on Hizdahr from behind and stab him to death. They run at Daenerys. Daario takes one out, and Jorah comes up from the pit to take Hizdahr’s spot and take out the other. He offers his hand to Daenerys and she takes it. He leads her down to the pit with Daario and the Unsullied, leaving Tyrion and Missandei.
A Harpy comes towards Missandei. Tyrion comes from behind, pulls him to his knees, and slits his throat. He leads her down to the pit.
TYRION: Stay close!
Sons of the Harpy have began to rush the pit. Unsullied fight them off as Daenerys, Daario, and Jorah head towards a side exit.
JORAH: This way!
They run through the exit, but a door swings shut. A Son of the Harpy steps out and Jorah kills him.
DAARIO: The other side, follow me!
They rush towards the other side and join up with Tyrion and Missandei.
DAARIO: Protect your queen!
Jorah, Daario, and the Unsullied form a ring around Missandei, Daenerys, and Tyrion in the center of the pit. Sons of the Harpy begin to rush from the other exit they were heading towards. They surround the ring, testing out the outer ring before they begin rushing. A few make it past the outer ring but are killed by Daario. Missandei and Daenerys join hands and Daenerys closes her eyes.
A roar is heard in the distance. All of the Harpys look up. Drogon appears, breathing fire and circling the pit. The Sons run away from Daenerys to the edge of the pit. One charges at her and Drogon rips him apart. He breathes fire on 4-5 of them at a time before a spear hits his back. 2 more spears connect and he starts slowing down.
DAENERYS: Drogon!
She takes a spear from his neck. He roars at her, but then closes his mouth. She slowly reaches to touch his nose. More spears are thrown at him by Sons of the Harpy and he turns to them and roars. Daario continues to fight off every Harpy that comes near her.
Daenerys climbs onto Drogon’s back slowly.
DAENERYS: Valahd..
Drogon runs towards the Harpys, starts flapping and then takes off from the Pit. He flies past the Pyramid and into the sky as Tyrion, Jorah, Daario, and Missandei stare up at him.
A dragon roars in the distance.
END EPISODE
Melisandre looks at the icicles hanging outside her tent and sees that they are melting.
Melisandre walks to find Stannis, stepping in a pile of mud on the way.
Stannis straps his armor on.
MELISANDRE: The Lord of Light has made good on his promise, my king. His fires have melted the snows away. The way ahead is clear.
STANNIS: We ride for Winterfell.
MELISANDRE: And you will take it. The Lord has shown me Bolton banners burning. You will receive what is yours by right.
Melisandre wraps her arms around Stannis. He brushes her off then exits the tent. She follows after him.
INT. STANNIS’S CAMP
Stannis walks by his men as they prepare for battle. One soldier approaches him.
SOLDIER: Your Grace.
STANNIS: Prepare to form up.
SOLDIER: Your Grace.
The soldier waits for a response from Stannis.
STANNIS: Tell me.
SOLDIER: The men. Many deserted before dawn.
STANNIS: How many?
SOLDIER: Nearly half. All the sell-swords, with all the horses.
Stannis is speechless. He looks to Melisandre who appears even more devastated than he. Another soldier comes up to Stannis.
SOLDIER 2: Your Grace?
STANNIS: Speak up. It can’t be worse than mutiny.
The man is silent.
EXT. WOODS OUTSIDE STANNIS’S CAMP
Stannis is led by his men to a tree. Stannis looks up and sees Selyse hanging from it. Stannis takes a long look but tries not to reveal his emotions.
STANNIS: Cut her down.
The men cut the noose and bring her to the ground.
SOLDIER: Your Grace. The Lady Melisandre was just seen riding out of camp.
Stannis seethes but says nothing.
STANNIS: Get the men into marching formation. On to Winterfell.
Stannis walks from the woods back to camp.
JON: He raised his hands. And they all stood up at once. Tens of thousands of them, the biggest army in the world.
SAM: So what are you gonna do?
JON: I’m gonna hope they don’t learn how to climb the wall.
SAM: But… the Dragonglass?
JON (shakes his head): No one’s ever getting that back, now. It wouldn’t have mattered anyway, unless we had a mountain of it.
SAM (confused): But… you killed a White Walker.
JON: With Longclaw. I saw them shatter steel axes like they were glass. But Longclaw…
SAM: He’s made of Valyrian steel. How many Valyrian steel swords are left in the Seven Kingdoms?
JON: Not enough. (pause) The first Lord Commander in history to sacrifice the lives of sworn Brothers to save the lives of Wildlings. How’s it feel to be friends with the most hated man in Castle Black? (smiles)
SAM: You were friends with me when I first got here. And I wasn’t winning any elections back then.
JON: Here’s to us then. Long may they sneer.
Jon and Sam clink glasses and drink. Sam looks to Jon.
JON: What?
SAM: I wanted to ask you something. To ask something of you. Send me, Gilly, and the baby to Oldtown so I can become a Maester. That’s what I’m meant to be, not this.
JON: I need you here, Sam. If you leave, who’s left to give me advice I trust?
SAM: Well, there’s Edd.
Jon gives Sam a look.
SAM: I’ll be more use to you as a Maester. More use to everyone now that Maester Aemon’s gone. The Citadel has the world’s greatest library. I’ll learn about history, strategy, healing. And other things. Things that will help when they come.
Jon stares at Sam, saying nothing.
SAM: If Gilly stays here then she’ll die. And the baby that she named after me will die. And I’ll end up dying, too, trying to protect them. Which means that the last thing that I’ll see in this world will be the look in her eyes when I fail them. (pause) I’d rather see a thousand White Walkers than see that.
Jon inhales, exhales, then nods somberly. Sam smiles.
SAM: Thank you.
JON: You know that The Citadel will make you swear off women, too.
SAM: They’ll bloody try.
Jon looks at Sam incredulously.
JON: Sam?
SAM: What?
JON: Sam…
Sam smiles.
JON: You’ve just been beaten half to death. How did you--
SAM (smiling): Very carefully.
Jon smiles and lets out a small laugh.
JON: I’m glad the end of the world’s working out for someone.
They sit in silence for a moment.
SAM: I’ll come back.
JON (raises a glass): To your return.
SAM: To my return.
EXT. CASTLE BLACK
Sam, Gilly, and little Sam mount the horses. Sam looks up to see Jon watching from the top of his steps.They exchange a wave, and then Sam begins riding out of Castle Black.
EXT. OUTSIDE OF WINTERFELL
Stannis’s depleted army marches onto Winterfell. Stannis is at the front with flaming heart banners flying all around him.
The Bolton army is preparing for battle.
Sansa uses the device she previously picked up to unlock her door. She drops the device and then exits her tower with a hood on.
Sansa walks by the Bolton men as they are preparing for battle.
Podrick returns to he and Brienne’s camp with firewood and dead rabbits. He hears screaming then looks down to see Stannis’s army marching for Winterfell. He drops the wood and rabbits and sprints back to Brienne.
Brienne is staring at the Broken Tower.
PODRICK: My lady! Stannis. Stannis Baratheon is coming. His whole army.
BRIENNE: How do you know it’s Stannis?
PODRICK: He’s carrying his flaming heart banners. From the Blackwater. I’ll never forget it.
Brienne takes one last look at the Broken Tower. She sees there is still no candle in the window.
Sansa approaches the Tower with a candle in hand.
Brienne takes one last, hard look at the Tower, then turns around and heads for Stannis’s army. Podrick grabs his axe and follows her. Right as they turn away, a candle appears at the top of the Broken Tower.
EXT. OUTSIDE OF WINTERFELL
STANNIS: Trench here. Another one 300 yards from the castle wall. Hurry them along. And send out a foraging party immediately. The siege begins at sunrise.
SOLDIER: There’s not going to be a siege, Your Grace.
Stannis looks to the distance and sees the Bolton army racing towards him as they come over the top of a hill.
Sansa looks down at the ensuing battle from the top of the Broken Tower with a candle in the window.
EXT. OUTSIDE OF WINTERFELL
Stannis sees he the army approaching. He takes a deep breath then unsheathes his sword. Cut to an overhead shot revealing Stannis is badly outnumbered.
Sansa watches from the window as the fight begins. She walks away from the window.
Pan across the ground to reveal all but one of Stannis’s men are slaughtered alongside various banners and shields with his sigil. Stannis hobbles away from these men, using his sword as a crutch. Two Bolton men arrive on horse and kill the lone survivor of Stannis’s men. They charge at Stannis, one slices his leg, but he kills them both with a dagger and sword then falls to the ground.
Stannis leans onto a tree and groans. He looks down to his bleeding leg with a resigned look, then looks up to the sound of a horse riding.
STANNIS: Bolton has women fighting for him.
Cut up to Brienne of Tarth.
BRIENNE: I do not fight for the Boltons. I’m Brienne of Tarth. I was Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon. I was there when he was murdered by a shadow with your face. You murdered him? With blood magic?
Stannis is silent for a long moment.
STANNIS: I did.
Brienne approaches him and unsheathes her sword.
BRIENNE: In the name of Renly of House Baratheon, First of his Name, Rightful King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Seven Kingdoms, and Protector of the Realm, I, Brienne of Tarth, sentence you to die. Do you have any last words?
STANNIS: Go on, do your duty.
Brienne unsheathes her sword, pulls it back, swings forward, and--
Ramsay plunges his sword into a survivor. Then he surveys the corpses on the battlefield.
RAMSAY: Looks like we’re done here.
Ramsay heads back towards his horse but sees one of Stannis’s men is survive, and is attempting to crawl away.
SURVIVOR: I surrender. I surrender!
RAMSAY: And I accept your surrender.
Ramsay plunges his sword into the man then pulls it out and wipes the blood off.
RAMSAY (to squire): Let’s head back. My wife must be lonely.
Pan out to reveal the bodies on the battlefield.
Sansa hurries through Winterfell with her hood on. She heads up the stairs, sees one of the Bolton men walking her way, and doubles back.
Sansa rushes through a door towards the exit. She finds Myranda and Theon waiting for her, with Myranda’s bow drawn.
MYRANDA: My lady. I have come to escort you back to your chamber.
THEON: Go with her. Please.
SANSA: I know what Ramsay is. I know what he’ll do to me. (looks to Theon) If I’m going to die, let it happen while there’s some of me left.
MYRANDA: Die? (lowers the bow) Who said anything about dying? You can’t die yet. Your father was Warden of the North, and Ramsay needs you. Though I suppose he doesn’t need all of you. Just the parts he’ll use to make his heir. Until you’ve given him a boy or two and he’s finished using them. (raises bow) He’s got incredible plans for those parts. So. Shall we wait for him to come back, or shall we begin now?
Sansa says nothing.
MYRANDA: You’re leaving it to me? Good. Let’s begin.
She draws her arrow back. Just as she goes to release it, Theon tackles her into a wall, causing the arrow to miss Sansa. They struggle for a moment.
MYRANDA: Stop! Stop!
Theon throws her over the edge, killing her on impact. As Sansa and Theon go to the edge to inspect the body, a horn begins to blare.
MAN: Open the gates!
Bolton men return from the battle and ride through the gates to Winterfell.
THEON: He’s coming back.
Theon grabs Sansa’s hand and leads her along the walls. They climb to the top of the wall and look down to see a pile of snow at the bottom. Theon offers his hand to Sansa, she takes it, and they leap off of the wall.
Meryn Trant looks to 3 young girls in front of him and tightens his grip on the stick in his hand. He walks behind the first one and whips her, she starts crying. He does the same to the second and she cries as well. He walks up to the third girl, whose face is hidden by her hair, and whips her in the back. She doesn’t react. He whips her harder in the side and doesn’t get a reaction. He whips her a third time across the face and the girl still doesn’t make a sound.
MERYN: I can see I have my work cut out for me.You two. Out.
The two other girls flee the room. The third removes her hair to show an unknown face. Meryn punches her in the stomach. She falls to the ground doubled over. Meryn smiles but loses the smile when he sees she is reaching for something. The girl pulls off her face, revealing she is Arya, and leaps towards Trant, stabbing him in the eye. She stabs his other eye then gags him with his shirt as he screams. He grabs at her but she stabs him in the chest until he rolls on his side.
ARYA: You were the first person on my list, you know. For killing Syrio Forel, remember him? Probably not. I’ve gotten a few of the others. The Many Faced God stole a few more for me. I’m glad he left me you. Do you know who I am?
Trant struggles to make a noise through the gag.
ARYA: I can’t hear you.
She stabs him in the stomach.
ARYA: You know who I am. I’m Arya Stark.
A look of surprise comes across Trant’s face, he grunts, and then Arya stabs him in the back. She removes the gag.
ARYA: Do you know who you are?
Trant whimpers.
ARYA: You’re no one. You’re nothing.
She slowly slits his throat and he keels over.
Arya walks into the room holding the face of the girl she wore to the brothel. She returns it to where she took it from.
JAQEN: A girl has taken a life. The wrong life.
WAIF: I was right about her.
JAQEN: You were.
WAIF: You’re not ready. Not at all.
The waif grabs Arya and holds her in front of Jaqen.
JAQEN: That man’s life wasn’t yours to take. A girl stole from the Many Faced God. Now a debt is owed.
Jaqen holds up the same vial he gave to Arya to give to the Thin Man. The waif holds Arya’s face up near the vial as she struggles.
JAQEN: Only death can pay for life.
Jaqen drinks the vial and then falls straight to the ground.
ARYA: No! No! No, you don’t die! Don’t die! (sobs)
WAIF: Why are you crying?
ARYA: He was my friend.
WAIF: No he wasn’t. Didn’t you listen to him?
JAQEN (O.S.): He was no one.
Arya turns to see a man looking identical to Jaqen standing behind her.
ARYA: But if you’re… (looks to the Jaqen who drank the potion and is seemingly dead) Who’s this?
JAQEN: No one at all. Just as a girl should have been before she took a face from the hall.
Arya reaches and pulls off the Jaqen face, revealing the face of an old man.
JAQEN: The faces are for no one.
Arya pulls off the old man face to reveal a younger man’s face.
JAQEN: You are still someone.
Arya pulls off the young man’s face to reveal a different old man.
JAQEN: And to someone…
Arya pulls off multiple faces, revealing the face of multiple different men.
JAQEN: ...the faces are as good as poison.
Arya pulls off the final face and sees her own face staring back at her.
ARYA: I can’t see!
Arya’s vision begins to blur until the screen goes black.
ARYA: What’s happening?! What’s happening?!
Myrcella kisses Prince Doran.
DORAN (to Jaime): I wish you a safe journey home.
JAIME: Thank you.
Doran looks to Ellaria and nods. She walks up to Myrcella.
ELLARIA: Forgive me child. I wish you all the happiness in the world.
Ellaria kisses Myrcella on the lips, holding the kiss then rubbing her lips. She nods to Jaime and Jaime nods back. Jaime helps Myrcella into the boat.
BRONN: Maybe I’ll come visit you sometime.
TYENE: Maybe I’ll come visit you.
BRONN: Don’t wait too long. I’ve a noble woman to marry back home.
TYENE (leans in): You want a good girl, but you need the bad pussy. (bites his ear)
JAIME (to Bronn): Whenever you’re ready, My Lord.
Bronn nods to Tyene and the Snakes, then heads to the boat.
Myrcella looks down at her lion necklace.
JAIME: Try not to lose it this time.
MYRCELLA: I’ll never take it off again.
JAIME: I know you didn’t want to leave Dorne. But I’m glad you’re coming home. Your mother’s desperate to see you. And I’m glad Trystane’s coming with us. He seems like a nice boy. You’re lucky. Arranged marriages are rarely so… so well arranged.
MYRCELLA: Do you think mother will like him.
JAIME: If she sees you’re happy, I’m sure she will.
MYRCELLA (laughing): And you really believe that?
JAIME (smiles): Have you ever known your mother to like anyone aside from her children?
MYRCELLA: She likes you.
JAIME: I’m not so sure about that. Listen. There’s something I’ve wanted to tell you. Something I should have told you long ago. So. Now that you’ve seen more of the world, you’ve learned how complicated things can be. People can be. The Lannisters and the Martells have hated each other for years, but you’ve fallen in love with Trystane. It was an accident, really, I mean what were the chances? You happen to fall in love with the man you were assigned to marry? (Myrcella laughs) My point is… we don’t choose whom we love. We just… It’s beyond our control. I sound like an idiot.
MYRCELLA: No you don’t.
JAIME: What I’m trying to say. What I’m trying and failing to say…
MYRCELLA: I know what you’re trying to say.
JAIME: No. I’m afraid you don’t.
Myrcella stands up and looks Jaime in the eyes.
MYRCELLA: I do.
She takes his good hand in hers.
MYRCELLA: I know. About you and mother. I think a part of me always knew. And I’m glad. I’m glad that you’re my father.
Jaime looks shocked but happy. They embrace. She releases the hug and smiles at Jaime, with blood beginning to trickle out her nose.
JAIME: Myrcella?
The bleeding gets worse.
JAIME: Myrcella?!
Myrcella collapses in Jaime’s arms, blood streaming down her face.
JAIME: Myrcella?! Myrcella?!
Ellaria stares at Jaime’s ship from the dock. Blood begins to trickle out of her nose and splatter the floor. Tyene hands her a rag for the blood and she wipes it away then thrrows the rag away. She opens the antidote and drinks it down. She and the Sand Snakes begin walking from the dock.
Tyrion, Daario, and Jorah sit on the steps in Dany’s throne room.
TYRION (to Jorah): You love her, don’t you? How could you not. Of course, it’s hopeless for the both of you. Sellsword from the fighting pits, a disgraced knight. Neither one of you is fit consort for a queen. But, we always want the wrong woman.
DAARIO: Does he always talk so much?
Jorah nods. Missandei brings Grey Worm into the room, with bandages around his torso.
GREY WORM: Jorah the Andal.
JORAH: Torgo Nudho.
GREY WORM: You should not be here.
DAARIO: No, but he is.
GREY WORM: Our queen ordered him exiled from city.
DAARIO: Our queen would be dead if not for him.
MISSANDEI (Valyrian): It’s true. And I would be dead if not for the… (look at Tyrion) little man.
TYRION (Valyrian): Dwarf. I believe that’s the word. Apologies. My Valyrian is a bit “nostril”.
MISSANDEI: (Valyrian) A bit “rusty”.
TYRION: (Valyrian) “Rusty” (Common Tongue) Thank you.
GREY WORM: I am sorry. Sorry I am not there to fight for my queen.
DAARIO: You missed a good scrap.
JORAH: None of that matters now. The longer we sit here bantering the longer Daenerys is out there in the wilderness.
TYRION: He’s right. The dragon headed north. If we’re going to find her, that’s where we’re to go.
JORAH: We? You’re a Lannister. The Queen intends to remove your family from power.
TYRION: And I intend to help her do it.
JORAH: You’ve been here for how many days now? I’ve fought for her for years. Since she was little more than a child.
TYRION: You betrayed her!
JORAH: Careful now.
TYRION: And she exiled you, twice, I believe?
JORAH: The second time thanks to you.
TYRION: Don’t blame me for your crimes, Mormont.
DAARIO: (gestures to Tyrion) He’s right. The Queen exiled Jorah. (gestures to Jorah) And he’s right, Jorah saved her life. Perhaps she feels differently about him now. Perhaps not. The only way we’ll know is if we ask her.
TYRION: Fine, fine, I suppose he can join us. Just as long as he promises not to kill me in my sleep.
JORAH: If I ever kill you your eyes will be wide open.
DAARIO (to Tyrion): Forgive me, but why would we bring you?
TYRION: Pardon me?
DAARIO: Have you ever tracked animals in the wilderness?
TYRION: Not precisely, but I have other skills that’d be very useful--
DAARIO: Can you fight?
TYRION: I have fought. I don’t claim to be a great warrior.
DAARIO: Are you good on a horse?
TYRION: Middling.
DAARIO: So mainly you talk?
TYRION: And drink. I’ve survived so far.
DAARIO: Which I respect. But you would not help us on this expedition. You would help us here in Meereen, though. (to Missandei, Grey Worm, and Jorah) None of us have any experience governing a city, except for him. You want to prove your value to the queen? Prove it right here in Meereen.
JORAH: He’s a foreign dwarf that barely speaks the language. Why would the Meereenese listen to him?
DAARIO: They wouldn’t. They will listen to Grey Worm.
GREY WORM: I’ll come with you. I’ll find our queen.
MISSANDEI: You are not strong enough to go anywhere.
GREY WORM: I am.
DAARIO: He is, he’s the toughest man with no balls I’ve ever met. But you still can’t go. The people believe in you. They know you speak for the queen.
MISSANDEI: It’s true. Only the Unsullied can keep the peace in Meereen. If you leave, half the city will consume the other half.
DAARIO: And Missandei. Our queen trusts no one more than Missandei. Certainly not me. The queen’s closest confidant, the commander of the Unsullied, and the foreign dwarf with the scarred face. Good fortune, my friends, Meereen is ancient and glorious. (to Tyrion) Try not to ruin her. (to Jorah) Looks like it’s you and me, Jorah the Andal. Let’s find some good horses. We have so much to talk about.
Tyrion walks down the steps towards Missandei and Grey Worm. They exchange uncertain glances with each other.
Tyrion stands in the place where Dany had Mossador executed and watches Jorah and Daario ride out of the city.
VOICE (O.S.): Hello, old friend.
Tyrion turns to see Varys on the balcony next to him.
VARYS: I thought we were so happy together until you abandoned me.
TYRION: I suppose there’s no point in asking how you found me.
VARYS: The birds sing in the west, the birds sing in the east. If one knows how to listen. They tell me you’ve already found favor with the Mother of Dragons.
TYRION: Well, she didn’t execute me, so that’s a promising start. Now the heroes are off to find her, and I’m stuck here, trying to placate a city on the brink of civil war. Any advice for an old comrade?
VARYS: Information is the key. You need to learn your enemies’ strengths and strategies. You need to learn which of your friends are not your friends.
TYRION: If only I knew someone with a vast network of spies.
VARYS: If only. (beat) A grand old city, choking on violence, corruption, and deceit. Who could possibly have any experience managing such a massive, ungainly beast?
Tyrion looks up to Varys with a slight smile.
TYRION: I did miss you.
VARYS: Oh, I know.
Dany looks to Drogon who is lying down in a ring full of bones.
DAENERYS: We have to go home.
Drogon lies down and grunts.
DAENERYS: My poor, sweet thing. Does it hurt? (pause) We have to go home. Drogon? Can you take me back to Meereen?
Daenerys pets his nose but gets no response.
DAENERYS: How far did you carry me? (surveys the area)
Drogon begins turning away from her to lick at his wounds.
DAENERYS: Drogon, we need to return. My people need me.
She climbs back on his back, but he hisses and bucks her off, then goes to sleep.
DAENERYS: Well, there’s no food. At the very least you can hunt us some supper.
Dany begins walking across the plateau to explore. A horse gallops in the distance. Camera cuts to reveal the pony-tail of a Dothraki. Three more Dothraki men arrive on horseback. Daenerys drops her ring to the ground. Another group of Dothraki arrives, and then the rest of the khalasar. They begin circling around Daenerys, howling.
INT. CERSEI’S CELL
Cersei is huddled in the corner. She shudders as the door opens.
SEPTA: Confess. Confess.
Cersei looks up to the Septa.
Cersei is knelt before the High Sparrow in the room where she was taken away.
CERSEI: I have sinned. I see that now. How could I have been so blind for so long. I want to be clean again. I want absolution. The Crone came to me with her lamp raised high, and with its holy light--
HIGH SPARROW: You wish to make a confession?
CERSEI: Once I’ve confessed, will I be free?
SPARROW: Your Grace will be dealt with according to her sins.
CERSEI: The Mother have mercy then. I lay with a man outside the bonds of marriage, I confess.
SPARROW: Name him.
CERSEI: Lancel Lannister.
SPARROW: Your cousin. And the King’s squire.
CERSEI: I was lonely and afraid.
SPARROW: You had a husband.
CERSEI: A husband of whoring every chance he got.
SPARROW: His sins do not pardon your own.
CERSEI: May the gods forgive me.
SPARROW: Other men?
CERSEI: No.
SPARROW: No others?
CERSEI: No.
SPARROW: Speaking falsehoods before the Gods is a great crime. You understand this?
CERSEI: I do.
SPARROW: There are those who say your children were not fathered by King Robert. That they are bastards born of incest and adultery.
CERSEI: A lie. A lie from the lips of Stannis Baratheon. He wants the Throne, but his brother’s children stand in his way, so he claims they are not his brothers’. The filth. There is not one shred of truth to it. I deny it.
SPARROW: Good. But these are terrible charges. And the realm must know the truth of them. If Your Grace has given honest testimony, your trial will prove your innocence.
CERSEI: Trial? I have confessed?
SPARROW: To a single sin. Others you have denied. Your trial will separate the truths from the falsehoods.
CERSEI: I bow to the wisdom of your High Holiness. But if I might beg for just one drop of the Mother’s mercy. I haven’t seen my son… I don’t know how long it’s been. I need to see him. Please.
SPARROW: You have taken the first step on a path back to righteousness. In light of this, I will permit you to return to the Red Keep.
CERSEI: Thank you. Thank you.
SPARROW: The Mother is merciful. It is her you should thank.
CERSEI: I will, I will. I swear it, day and night.
SPARROW: Good.
CERSEI: Am I free to go?
SPARROW: After your atonement.
CERSEI: My atonement?
INT. CERSEI’S CELL
Cersei is stripped naked and has the dirt washed off of her by the septas. After they scrub her clean, they sit her down and begin chopping her hair away with a knife. They leave her naked, with short hair and a bloody scalp, and then shut the door on her.
Cersei is carried to the top of the steps, in front of a massive crowd of King’s Landing citizens.
SPARROW: A sinner comes before you. Cersei of House Lannister, mother to his Grace King Tommen, widow to his Grace King Robert. She has committed the acts of falsehood and fornication. She has confessed her sins and begged for forgiveness. To demonstrate her repentance, she will cast aside all pride, all artifice, and present herself as the gods made her, to you. The good people of the city. She comes before you with a solemn heart. Shorn of secrets. Naked before the eyes of gods and men. To make her walk of atonement.
The septas remove her robe. She stands naked before the citizens of King’s Landing, who gasp. They force her to start walking down the stairs.
SEPTA: Shame. Shame. Shame. (rings bell)
The septa repeats “Shame. Shame. Shame.” and rings the bell through the duration of Cersei’s walk. Cersei is escorted by the Sparrows through the crowd of people. Silence at first, but once one man yells “Cunt!”, she begins to be heckled.
CROWD: Bitch! Whore! All hail her royal tits!
They begin pelting her with food. A prostitute runs in front of Cersei with her breasts out.
WOMAN: I’ve had half as many cocks as the queen!
The sparrows force her out of Cersei’s way. A man with his penis out runs in front of her later in the walk.
MAN: Suck me off! Suck me off, you bitch!
As Cersei approaches the end of her walk things get more violent. A man spits directly in her face, and a Sparrow has to beat a woman with a club as she charges Cersei. She is knocked to her knees at the end of her walk, but gets back to her feet when she sees the Red Keep in the distance. She finally reaches the end of the walk of atonement, and enters the Red Keep, sobbing.
INT. RED KEEP
Kevan Lannister, Grand Maester Pycelle, Qyburn, and the Lannister guards wait for her. Qyburn rushes to cover her naked body with a blanket as Cersei begins weeping.
QYBURN: Your Grace. It’s good to have you back. Come. We’ll take you inside. I need to have a look at those feet.
Cut to her bloody feet. We hear two giant footsteps off screen.
QYBURN: May I have the honor of presenting the newest member of the Kingsguard.
A hulking man, who is revealed to have a blue face through the eye holes in his helm, walks over to Qyburn and Cersei. He takes Cersei in his arms.
QYBURN: If it please Your Grace, he’s taken a holy vow of silence. He has sworn that he will not speak until all his Grace’s enemies are dead, and the evil has been driven from the realm.
EXT. CASTLE BLACK
Jon and Davos exit the elevator.
DAVOS: He came to your aid. Stannis. Now he needs you!
JON: We don’t have enough men to make any difference.
DAVOS: The wildlings will make a difference!
JON: The wildlings won’t ever fight for Stannis, I told you before--
DAVOS: You saved their bloody lives. If they’re going to live in the Seven Kingdoms, safe behind our wall, they ought to fight for the damn place.
JON: It’s not their fight!
The gates to Castle Black are opened and Melisandre arrives, alone and on horseback. Jon and Davos rush over to her.
JON: Stannis?
No response.
DAVOS: Shireen? The princess?
A long look but no response. Melisandre walks away from the two of them.
Jon goes through the various scrolls on his desk. Olly enters the room.
OLLY: Lord Commander. It’s one of the wildlings you brought back. Says he knows your Uncle Benjen. Says he’s still alive.
JON (stands up): Are you sure he’s talking about Benjen?
OLLY: Says he was first Ranger. Said he knows where to find him.
Jon rushes out of his room down to the ground. He is met by Alliser.
ALLISER: Man says he saw your uncle at Hardhome the last full moon.
JON: He could be lying.
ALLISER: Could be. There are ways to find out.
JON: Where is he?
ALLISER: Over there.
Jon walks past a group of Brothers holding torches. He sees a sign that reads “TRAITOR” when he passes them, and turns to see he is cornered. Alliser stabs him in the gut.
ALLISER: For the Watch.
Another Brother stabs him.
BROTHER: For the Watch.
A third Brother stabs him.
BROTHER: For the Watch.
A fourth brother stabs him.
BROTHER: For the Watch.
A fifth brother stabs him.
BROTHER: For the Watch.
Jon falls to his knees, struggling but still alive. Olly walks up to Jon.
JON: Olly…
Olly stabs him.
OLLY: For the Watch.
Jon stays on his knees, then falls backwards. The Brothers walk away from him. Jon lays on the ground, expressionless. A puddle of blood spreads to the top of the screen.
END EPISODE
END SEASON
DAVOS hears GHOST’s howling and exits, then peers across the courtyard and sees JON SNOW’s body. He immediately runs down the steps. He slows as he approaches JON SNOW’s body. Other brothers of the Night’s Watch approach. DAVOS kneels beside JON SNOW’s body.
NIGHT’S WATCHMAN: It’s the Lord Commander!
DOLOROUS EDD and other Night’s Watchmen rush up behind DAVOS.
DAVOS: Help me get him inside.
The other Night’s Watch brothers pick up JON SNOW’s body and carry it away. DAVOS remains, staring at the left over pool of blood.
DOLOROUS EDD wipes the table clean. The other Night’s Watch brothers place JON SNOW’s body on the table. DOLOROUS EDD places his hand on JON SNOW’s wounds, then brushes JON SNOW’s eyes closed.
DOLOROUS EDD: Thorne did this.
DAVOS: How many of your brothers do you think you can trust?
DOLOROUS EDD: Trust? The men in this room.
DAVOS: Does the wolf know you?
DOLOROUS EDD looks at DAVOS over his shoulder and nods.
DAVOS: We need all the help we can get.
As DOLOROUS EDD moves towards the door, someone knocks on it. The Night’s Watch brothers draw their blades.
MELISANDRE (O.S.): Ser Davos.
DOLOROUS EDD looks over his shoulder at DAVOS. DAVOS nods. The Night’s Watch brothers sheathe their swords. DOLOROUS EDD walks to the door and opens it. MELISANDRE enters. DOLOROUS EDD closes the door behind her. MELISANDRE is distressed at the sight of JON SNOW’s body.
MELISANDRE: I saw him in the flames, fighting at Winterfell.
DAVOS: I can’t speak for the flames, but he’s gone.
MELISANDRE touches JON SNOW’s cheek.
ALLISER THORNE sits at the high table among the other leaders of the Night’s Watch. The rest of the Night’s Watch brothers are shouting at each other.
MALE VOICE #1: He was our Lord Commander!
MALE VOICE #2: He never should have been!
ALLISER THORNE pounds his fist three times on the high table, then stands. The room quiets.
ALLISER THORNE: You all know why you’re here. Jon Snow is dead.
NIGHT’S WATCHMAN #1: Who killed him?
ALLISER THORNE: I did.
The Night’s Watch brothers resume shouting.
ALLISER THORNE: And Bowen Marsh and Othell Yarwyck and the other officers in this castle.
NIGHT’S WATCHMEN #1: Murderers!
NIGHT’S WATCHMAN #2: Traitors!
The shouting resumes. OLLIE walks up beside the high table. ALLISER THORNE pounds the high table again.
ALLISER THORNE: You’re right!
The shouting stops.
ALLISER THORNE: We’ve committed treason, all of us. Jon Snow was my Lord Commander. I had no love for him. That was no secret. But I never once disobeyed an order. Loyalty is the foundation on which the Night’s Watch is built, and the Watch means everything to me. I have given my life, we have all given our lives to the Night’s Watch. Jon Snow was going to destroy the Night’s Watch. He let the wildlings through our gates, as no Lord Commander has ever done before. He gave them the very land on which they reaved and raped and murdered. Lord Commander Snow did what he thought was right, I’ve no doubt about that. And what he thought was right would have been the end of us. He thrust a terrible choice upon us, and we made it.
The men begin to murmur among themselves.
GHOST nudges JON SNOW’s hand and whimpers.
DAVOS: He’ll have seen we didn’t come. Thorne will have made it official by now. Castle Black is his.
DOLOROUS EDD: I don’t care who’s sitting at the high table. Jon was my friend, and those fuckers butchered him. Now we return the favor.
DAVOS: We don’t have the numbers.
DOLOROUS EDD: We have a direwolf.
DAVOS: It’s not enough. I didn’t know Lord Commander Snow for long, but I have to believe he wouldn’t have wanted his friends to die for nothing.
DOLOROUS EDD: If you were planning to see tomorrow, you picked the wrong room. We all die today. I say we do our best to take Thorne with us when we go.
DAVOS: We need to fight, but we don’t need to die. Not if we have help.
NIGHT’S WATCHMAN: Who’s gonna help us?
DAVOS: You’re not the only ones who owe your lives to Jon Snow.
DOLOROUS EDD’s washes over with realization. He turns to the Night’s Watchman at his side.
DOLOROUS EDD: Bolt the door. Don’t let anyone in. I’ll be back as soon as I can.
DOLOROUS EDD leaves through the door.
RAMSAY (V.O.): She was 11 the first time I saw her.
MYRANDA’s body lies on a table.
RAMSAY: The kennelmaster’s daughter. She smelled of dog. I wasn’t much older, but everybody was already afraid of me. You certainly were.
RAMSAY turns and looks at MAESTER WOLKAN, then looks back at MYRANDA’s body..
RAMSAY: Myranda wasn’t, though. What could I do to her that those hounds couldn’t? She was fearless. There was nothing she wouldn’t do.
RAMSAY stands and places his hand on MYRANDA’s forehead.
RAMSAY: Your pain will be paid for a thousand times over. I wish you could be here to watch.
RAMSAY looks as though he is going to cry.
MAESTER WOLKAN: Shall I have a grave dug for her, my lord? Or would you rather the men build a pyre?
RAMSAY: Buried, burned?
RAMSAY walks past MAESTER WOLKAN as he exits the room.
RAMSAY: This is good meat. Feed it to the hounds.
RAMSAY is walking with ROOSE.
ROOSE: Your command of the cavalry was impressive. Thanks to you, the false king Stannis Baratheon is dead. Do you know who struck the killing blow?
RAMSAY: No.
ROOSE: A shame.  I’d reward the man.  Still, a great victory. Do you feel like a victor?
RAMSAY and ROOSE stop walking. RAMSAY looks back over his shoulder at ROOSE.
ROOSE: I rebelled against the crown to arrange your marriage to Sansa Stark. Do you think that burning wagons in the night and mowing down tired, outnumbered Baratheons is the same as facing a prepared and provisioned Lannister army?
RAMSAY: No.
ROOSE walks past RAMSAY into Winterfell’s great hall.
ROOSE: A reckoning will come. We need the North to face it. The entire North. They won’t back us without Sansa Stark. We no longer have Sansa Stark. You played your games with her. You played your games with the heir to the Iron Islands and now they’re both gone.
RAMSAY: I have a team of men after them with some of my best hounds. They won’t get far.
ROOSE: I’m glad to hear it. Without Sansa, you won’t be able to produce an heir. And without an heir, well…
ROOSE sits at the dinner table. RAMSAY stares at him, astonished.
ROOSE: ...let’s hope the maesters are right and Lady Walder’s carrying a boy.
EXT. NORTHERN WILDERNESSSANSA and THEON are running through the woods frantically. The barking of dogs can be heard in the distance. SANSA tires. THEON runs back to hear and pulls her onward.
THEON: We can’t stop.
The pair resume running. They happen upon a large, snowy river.
THEON: We have to cross here.
SANSA steps on a patch of thin ice and gasps.
SANSA: I can’t.
THEON: It’s the only way to throw off the hounds.
SANSA: But it’s too cold. I can’t. I won’t make it. I’ll die.
THEON: I’ve seen what his hounds do to a person. This way is better.
THEON guides SANSA into the water. SANSA gasps at the cold. The both wade across.
THEON and SANSA are walking together. They are blue with cold. Barking can no longer be heard. THEON spots something off camera.
THEON: Over here. Come on.
THEON leads SANSA to an overturned tree. Its roots provide shelter from the snow. They sit down under the roots, shivering.
THEON: Sansa. Sansa.
THEON wraps his arms around SANSA. She rests her head on his shoulder and closes her eyes. Dogs barking can suddenly be heard closeby.
THEON: Stay here. I’ll lure them away.
SANSA: No, I won’t make it without you.
THEON: You will. Go north, only north. Jon is Lord Commander at Castle Black. He’ll help you.
THEON runs into the woods but is immediately confronted by House Bolton soldiers and hounds.
BOLTON OFFICER: Where is Lady Bolton?
THEON: Dead.
BOLTON OFFICER: Liar.
THEON: She broke her leg jumping from the ramparts. I left her to die in the snow.
The dogs catch SANSA’s scent and begin barking. They lead the soldiers to SANSA under the roots of the tree. SANSA cowers from them.
BOLTON OFFICER: I can’t wait to see what parts Ramsay cuts off you this time.
One of the soldiers grabs SANSA and pulls her to her feet. A horse whinnies in the distance. The soldiers draw their weapons. BRIENNE and PODRICK ride towards the soldiers with their sword drawn.
BOLTON OFFICER: It’s a bloody woman.
BRIENNE cuts down BOLTON OFFICER as she rides past. PODRICK engages one of the soldiers in mounted combat. BRIENNE faces off with another mounted soldier. Their blades clash, but neither is hit. As BRIENNE rides past him, another soldier knocks her from her horse. She drops her blade but scrambles to retrieve it when she sees a soldier advancing towards her on foot. When she reaches the blade, the soldier kicks her. She retrieves the blade again and stands, engaging him in a swordfight. She cuts him down. A mounted soldier charges at BRIENNE. She jumps and strikes him, causing his horse to fall over, trapping him beneath it. While PODRICK continues his mounted sword fight, THEON grabs the blade of a fallen soldier off the ground. PODRICK cuts down the soldier he is fighting and they both fall from their horses. Another soldier advances on PODRICK, and they begin fighting. BRIENNE crawls over to the man trapped beneath his horse and slits his throat with a dagger. The soldier PODRICK is fighting knocks PODRICK’s sword out of his hand. PODRICK falls to the ground. Just before the soldier is about to strike PODRICK, THEON stabs the soldier from behind. PODRICK stands up. BRIENNE walks over to SANSA. SANSA stands up to confront her. BRIENNE places her blade on the ground in front of SANSA and kneels before her.
BRIENNE: Lady Sansa, I offer my services once again. I will shield your back and keep your council and give my life for yours if need be. I swear it by the old gods and the new.
SANSA turns at looks at THEON for confirmation. THEON nods his head.
SANSA: And I vow...that you shall always have a place by my hearth and…
PODRICK: Meat and mead at my table.
SANSA: Meat and mead at my table. And I pledge to ask no service of you that might bring you dishonor. I swear it by the old gods and the new. Arise.
BRIENNE stands up. SANSA smiles at BRIENNE.
CERSEI is sitting in the dark by a table. The door to her chamber opens and a handmaiden enters.
HANDMAIDEN: Your Grace, I’m sorry to disturb you. A ship from Dorne has sailed into the harbor.
CERSEI smiles.
CERSEI: Myrcella…
CERSEI runs through the courtyard and out to the harbor. She descends the steps to the harbor where a small boat is coming to shore. Her smile fades. As the small boat gets closer to shore, it is revealed to be carrying JAIME and a casket. CERSEI begins to tear up.
JAIME is standing on the balcony, looking out. A bell tolls in the background. JAIME turns and looks back into CERSEI’s room, then enters it.
CERSEI: Do you remember the first time you saw a dead body?
JAIME: Mother.
CERSEI: All I could think about when she died was what would happen to her now. Every day, every night, what does Mama look like now? Has she started to bloat? Has her skin turned black? Have her lips peeled back from her teeth?
CERSEI begins to tear up.
CERSEI:  I think about locking Myrcella in a crypt.
JAIME walks over to CERSEI and kneels in front of her.
CERSEI: I think about her beautiful little face starting to collapse.
JAIME: Shh, shh. Don’t think about it.
CERSEI: I have to. I have to. It’s not right she has to suffer alone.
JAIME: She’s not suffering. She’s gone. No one can hurt her anymore.
CERSEI (crying): She was good. From her first breath, she was so sweet. I don’t know where she came from. She was nothing like me. No meanness, no jealous, just good.
JAIME: I know.
CERSEI: I thought if I could make something so good, so pure...maybe I’m not a monster.
CERSEI: No, I knew this would happen. The witch told me years ago. She promised me three children. She promised me they’d die. “And gold their shrouds.” Everything she said came true. You couldn’t have stopped it. It’s prophecy. It’s fate.
JAIME: You don’t believe that.
CERSEI: Of course I do. You told me yourself when Father died. You said we had to stay together. You said people would try to tear us apart, take what’s ours. That was a prophecy, too. I didn’t listen to you, and everything you said came true.
JAIME places his hand on CERSEI’s cheek..
JAIME: Fuck prophecy. Fuck fate. Fuck everyone who isn’t us. We’re the only ones who matter, the only ones in this world. And everything they’ve taken from us, we’re going to take back and more.
JAIME embraces CERSEI.
JAIME: We’re going to take everything there is.
SEPTA UNELLA: “The Seven Hells brim with the souls of saintly men. They scream in agony and their shame is so great, they do not feel the flames, for now they see if not for a single sin they concealed, they were saved.”
MARGAERY: I’d like to see my brother.
SEPTA UNELLA: Confess.
MARGAERY: Please. How is he? At least tell me that.
SEPTA UNELLA: Confess.
MARGAERY: I am the queen and I demand to see my brother.
SEPTA UNELLA: Sinners don’t make commands. They make confessions.
SEPTA UNELLA slams the scripture book closed and approaches MARGAERY aggressively.
The door opens and HIGH SPARROW enters.
HIGH SPARROW: Septa Unella.
HIGH SPARROW sighs.
HIGH SPARROW: Our other guests need you.
SEPTA UNELLA exits. HIGH SPARROW walks over to MARGAERY and gently pulls her hair away from her face.
HIGH SPARROW (whispering): There.
MARGAERY looks up at HIGH SPARROW.
HIGH SPARROW: Septa Unella can be overzealous at times. I’ll speak with her.
MARGAERY: My brother, can you tell me how he is?
HIGH SPARROW sits on a stool beside MARGAERY.
HIGH SPARROW: It isn’t Ser Loras that brings me here. Your husband misses you dearly. The love between a man and wife is sacred. It reflects the love the gods have for all of us. But sin leads us away from the sacred. And only confession can purge sin.
MARGAERY: I have nothing to confess.
HIGH SPARROW: So you believe you are pure? Perfect? Wholly without sin?
MARGAERY: None of us are.
HIGH SPARROW: You have started down the path. But you have many miles to go..
HIGH SPARROW exits. MARGAERY hugs her knees.
DORAN: I always envied Oberyn. He lived. He truly lived. Sailed around the world. Fought men from every country. Lay with the most beautiful women alive.
ELLARIA: And men.
DORAN: And men. He experienced everything, while I sat here in Dorne trying my best to keep my people alive and well fed. But that is life. We each have our roles.
DORAN sits in his wheelchair. ELLARIA places a pillow behind him.
DORAN: Oberyn was born to be an adventurer. And I was born to rule.
ELLARIA: The gods are not fools. You would have been a lousy adventurer. And Oberyn, pfft, he would have been a terrible ruler.
A maester approaches.
DORAN (to TYENE): Your mother is a brilliant woman, you know that?
MAESTER: Prince Doran.
The maester bows and hands DORAN a scroll. DORAN unravels and reads it.
DORAN: The Princess Myrcella…
TYENE produces  a dagger from her boot and stabs AREO in the back, killing him. ELLARIA produces a dagger of her own and stabs DORAN in the chest. The maester tries to run away, but TYENE retrieves her dagger from AREO’s body and throws it into the back of the maester’s neck, killing him. ELLARIA removes her dagger from DORAN’s chest and pushes him to the ground. The remaining guards do nothing.
ELLARIA: When was the last time you left this palace? You don’t know your own people. Their disgust for you. Elia Martell raped and murdered, and you did nothing. Oberyn martell butchered, and you did nothing. You’re not a Dornishman. You’re not our prince.
DORAN is bleeding out on the ground. He gasps for air.
DORAN: My son Trystane…
ELLARIA scoffs.
ELLARIA: Your son is weak just like you. And weak men will never rule Dorne again.
DORAN dies.
TRYSTANE is painting an eye on a stone. OBARA and NYMERIA enter. TRYSTANE does not look at them.
TRYSTANE: I told you I’m not hungry.
OBARA: We’re not here to feed you.
TRYSTANE stands and turns around to look at them.
OBARA: We’re here to kill you.
OBARA walks to the opposite side of the room. NYMERIA remains by the door. TRYSTANE reaches for his sword.
NYMERIA: You want her to do it or me?
TRYSTANE: We are family. I don’t want to hurt you.
NYMERIA: Her or me?
TRYSTANE draws his blade and points it at NYMERIA.
NYMERIA: Good.
OBARA: Smart boy.
TRYSTANE steps between the two women, readying himself to fight NYMERIA. OBARA stabs him through the back of his head with her spear.
NYMERIA: You’re a greedy bitch, you know that?
OBARA and NYMERIA exit.
TYRION: We’re never going to fix what’s wrong with this city from the top of an 800-foot pyramid.
VARYS looks over his shoulder at a passing commoner.
TYRION: We’ll be fine. We’re dressed like common merchants.
VARYS: You walk like a rich person.
TYRION: You’ve spent a lot of time studying the way rich people walk?
VARYS: You walk as though the paving stones were your personal property. I used to steal from people like you when I was a boy.
TYRION: It’s a good thing you’re not a boy anymore...because you have no cock.
A woman is lying in the street holding a baby. TYRION and VARYS approach.
TYRION (speaking Valyrian): For your baby. To eat.
The woman cowers away from TYRION.
VARYS (to TYRION): She thinks you want to eat her baby.
VARYS kneels.
VARYS (speaking Valyrian): His Valyrian is terrible. He only wants to give you money, so your baby can eat.
VARYS hands the woman money. She gestures at them to thank them, and they walk on. They walk into a courtyard where “KILL THE MASTERS” is written in red on a wall. Beneath it, “MHYSA IS A MASTER,” is written.
VARYS: Mhysa means mother in Valyrian.
TYRION: I know what mhysa means.
VARYS: Who wrote it?
TYRION: Hard to know. Our queen is not as popular in Meereen as she used to be.
VARYS: The Sons of the Harpy?
TYRION: Very possibly. Daenerys Targaryen took away their most valuable property, told them human beings weren’t even property to begin with. You can see why they’re unhappy. Of course, it could also be the freed men.
TYRION and VARYS enter a chamber where a red priest is preaching to a group of listeners.
LISTENERS (speaking Valyrian): For the night is dark and full of terrors.
RED PRIEST: The Lord of Light sent the Mother of Dragons to you, and those who love the darkness chased her away.
TYRION: Many of the former slaves feel that Daenerys has abandoned them.
VARYS: She did fly away on a dragon and not come back.
RED PRIEST: How will you respond? Will you wring your hands, while you wait for the Mother of Dragons to return? Or will you  you take up her flames yourselves? Will you fight for your own salvation, now that Queen Daenerys is not here to fight for you?
TYRION: It’s a problem.
TYRION and VARYS proceed in a much larger courtyard.
TYRION: Fear has brought Meereen to a standstill. Whoever you are, wherever you go, someone in this city wants to murder you. We can’t fight an enemy we don’t know.
VARYS: The Sons of the Harpy planned their attack in the fighting pits very carefully, which means they take orders from someone.
TYRION: And have you started looking for that someone?
VARYS: My little birds have already taken wing. Soon they’ll return, singing songs of men in gold masks.
Men are shouting in the distance. A bell begins to toll. A flood of people run through an archway on the opposite side of the courtyard toward TYRION and VARYS, then run past them. TYRION and VARYS proceed through the archway and into the harbor. Smoke pours from the burning wreckage of all the ships in the harbor.
TYRION: Well, we won’t be sailing to Westeros anytime soon.
DAARIO: Goat?
JORAH: Ram.
DAARIO: You think our friend got him?
JORAH: Don’t know anything else that can melt a ram’s horn.
DAARIO: We’re on the right path, then.
JORAH and DAARIO return to their horses. They proceed across the countryside.
DAARIO: Perhaps she’s tired of being queen. I don’t think she likes it very much.
JORAH: She’s too smart to like it.
DAARIO: Maybe she’s flown somewhere else, somewhere far away from men like us.
JORAH: I’ve been all over the world. There’s no escaping men like us.
DAARIO: There’s no escaping her, eh? You keep coming back. Why?
JORAH: You know why.
DAARIO: isn’t it frustrating wanting someone who doesn’t want you back?
JORAH: Of course it is.
DAARIO: You’re a romantic. I admire that. Sometimes I look at you and I think, “So that’s what I’ll be like when I grow old.”
JORAH: If you grow old.
DAARIO: If I grow old. I hope I do. I want to see what the world looks like when she’s done conquering it.
JORAH: So do I.
JORAH stops his horse. DAARIO proceeds ahead. JORAH pulls back his sleeve and looks at the growing patch of Greyscale on his forearm. The men resume riding in unison. They pull up on a circular swathe of horse tracks. There is a smaller circle of untouched grass in the center of the swathe.
DAARIO: Huh, an army?
JORAH: Not an army. A horde.
JORAH dismounts his horse and walks to the circle of untouched grass.
DAARIO: Dothraki?
JORAH looks down and sees something in the grass. He bends down and retrieves a ring.
JORAH: They have her.
BLOODRIDER #1: Maybe she saw a ghost. My friend’s mother saw a ghost and her hair turned white.
BLOODRIDER #2: Pink people are afraid of the sun. It burns their skin. This one stands too long in the sun and her hair goes white.
BLOODRIDER #1: You think she’s got white pussy hair too? You ever been with a girl with white pussy hair?
BLOODRIDER #2: Only when I was fucking your grandma.
BLOODRIDER #1 chuckles and makes a kissing sound at DAENERYS.
BLOODRIDER #1 (to DAENERYS): I’ll ask Khal Moro for a night with you. What do you think?
BLOODRIDER #2: Pretty eyes, but she’s an idiot.
BLOODRIDER #1: She doesn’t have to be smart to get fucked in the ass.
BLOODRIDER #2: I like to talk when I’m finished. Otherwise, we might as well be dogs.
The Dothraki folk are tending to their affairs. BLOODRIDER #1 and BLOODRIDER #2 escort DAENERYS to KHAL MORO’s tent. KHAL MORO is sitting with his wives and other bloodriders.
BLOODRIDER #2: For you, my Khal. The white-haired girl we found in the hills.
BLOODRIDER #1 pushes DAENERYS towards KHAL MORO. KHAL MORO considers her. The attendants speak in Dothraki.
BLOODRIDER #3: Look at those lips, blood of my blood.
WIFE #1: Blue-eyed women are witches.
WIFE #2: It is known.
WIFE#1: Cut off her head, before she casts a spell on you.
KHAL MORO stands and walks around DAENERYS.
KHAL MORO: Even if I was blind, I’d hear my wives say, “Cut off her head” and I’d know this woman was beautiful. I’m glad I’m not blind. Seeing a beautiful woman naked for the first time, what is better than that?
BLOODRIDER #3: Killing another Khal?
KHAL MORO: Yes, killing another Khal.
BLOODRIDER #4: Conquering a city and taking her people as slaves, and taking her idols back to Vaes Dothrak.
BLOODRIDER #3: Breaking a wild horse, forcing it to submit to your will.
KHAL MORO (annoyed): Seeing a beautiful woman naked for the first time is among the five best things in life.
KHAL MORO grabs DAENERYS by the chest.
DAENERYS (speaking Dothraki): Do not touch me.
The bloodriders and wives look at each other. KHAL MORO released DAENERYS.
DAENERYS: I am Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, the First of Her Name, the Unburnt, Queen of Meereen, Queen of the Andals and the Rhoynar of the First Men, Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons.
KHAL MORO and his bloodriders laugh. He places his hand on the back of DAENERYS’ head
KHAL MORO: You are nobody, the millionth of your name, Queen of Nothing, slave of Khal Moro. Tonight I will lie with you, and if the Great Stallion is kind, you will give me a son. Do you understand?
DAENERYS: I will not lie with you. And I will bear no children, for you, or anyone else. Not until the sun rises in the west, and sets in the east.
WIFE #1: I told you she was a witch. Cut off her head.
KHAL MORO: I like her. She has spirit.
DAENERYS: I was wife of Khal Drogo, son of Khal Bharbo.
KHAL MORO takes his hand away from DAENERYS and steps backwards.
KHAL MORO: Khal Drogo is dead.
DAENERYS: I know. I burnt his body.
KHAL MORO: Forgive me. I did not know. It is forbidden to lie with a Khal’s widow. No one will touch you. You have my word.
KHAL MORO draws his blade and cuts DAENERYS’ bindings.
DAENERYS: If you will escort me back to Meereen, I will see that your khalasar is given a thousand horses, as a sign of my gratitude.
KHAL MORO: When a Khal dies, there is only one place for his Khaleesi.
KHAL MORO sits down.
WIFE #1: Vaes Dothrak. The Temple of the Dosh Khaleen.
WIFE #2: To live out her days with the widows of dead Khals. It is known.
ARYA: Thank you.
ARYA falls silent and listens to the chatter of the common folk. The waif of the House of Black and White appears carrying two staves.
WAIF: Are you listening, blind girl? Do you hear them talking? Do any of them talk to you? No. So sad.
WAIF holds out one of the staves and throws it at ARYA. ARYA catches it clumsily. WAIF hits ARYA with the other staff, knocking her over.
WAIF: Stand and fight, blind girl.
ARYA stands, holding the staff out in front of her.
ARYA: I can’t see.
WAIF: That’s your problem, not mine.
WAIF strikes ARYA on the leg. ARYA cries out and swings her staff. She misses. WAIF jabs ARYA in the stomach with the end of the staff, then knocks her to the ground. ARYA stands back up and swings her staff. She misses again. WAIF strikes ARYA in the face with her staff twice. The second blow knocks ARYA over. ARYA stands up and swings for a third time. She misses again. WAIF strikes ARYA several more times, then knocks her to the ground again. ARYA tries to get up by leaning on her staff, but WAIF knocks the staff out of her hands.
WAIF: See you tomorrow.
WAIF walks away. ARYA remains on her knees, panting.
ALLISER THORNE: Ser Davos, we have no cause to fight. We are both anointed knights.
DAVOS: Hear that, lads? Nothing to fear.
ALLISER THORNE: I will grant amnesty to all brothers who thrown down their arms before nightfall. And you, Ser Davos, I will allow you to travel south, a free man with a fresh horse.
DAVOS: And some mutton. I’d like some mutton.
ALLISER THORNE: What?
DAVOS: I’m not much of a hunter. I’ll need some food if I’m gonna make it south without starving.
ALLISER THORNE: We’ll give you food. You can bring the Red Woman with you if you like. Or you can leave her here with us, whichever you choose. But surrender by nightfall or this ends with blood.
DAVOS: Thank you, Ser Alliser. We’ll discuss amongst ourselves and come back to you with an answer.
ALLISER THORNE and his men leave.
DAVOS: Boys, I’ve been running from men like that ll my life. In my learned opinion, we open that door --
NIGHT’S WATCHMAN #1: And they’ll slaughter us all.
NIGHT’S WATCHMAN #2: They want to come in, they’re gonna come in.
DAVOS: Aye, but we don’t need to make it easy for them.
NIGHT’S WATCHMAN #2: Edd is our only chance.
NIGHT’S WATCHMAN #1: It’s a sad fucking statement if Dolorous Edd is our only chance.
DAVOS: There’s always the Red Woman.
NIGHT’S WATCHMAN #1: What’s one redhead gonna do against 40 armed men?
DAVOS: You haven’t seen her do what I’ve seen her do.
MELISANDRE is sitting at the edge of her bed by a fire. She looks across the room at a small mirror standing on a table, then walks over to it. MELISANDRE gazes into the mirror, then disrobes. She removes her collar. The gemstone in its center glimmers. She places the collar on the table beside the mirror. The mirror’s reflection reveals that her appearance has changed to that of an en extremely elderly woman. MELISANDRE continues to stare at herself in the mirror, then walks back over to the bed and gets under the covers.
CREDITS
THREE-EYED RAVEN is tangled in the roots of the great weirwood. His eyes are pure white. BRAN is lying below the tangle, gripping a single root. His eyes are also pure white.
YOUNG NED and YOUNG BENJEN are sparring with wooden swords in the commons. BRAN and THREE-EYED RAVEN are standing on a balcony above the courtyard, watching. YOUNG NED knocks YOUNG BENJEN to the ground.
YOUNG RODRIK: Give him another go, Ned.
YOUNG NED helps YOUNG BENJEN to his feet.
BRAN (to THREE-EYED RAVEN): That’s my father. And my Uncle Benjen.
YOUNG NED (to YOUNG BENJEN): Keep your shield up or I’ll ring your head like a bell.
YOUNG NED and YOUNG BENJEN begin sparring again. BRAN looks around the commons at the citizens of Winterfell going about their business.
BRAN: They were all so happy.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: So were you once.
YOUNG LYANNA rides into the courtyard on a horse. She circles around YOUNG NED and YOUNG BENJEN.
YOUNG NED: Stop showing off.
YOUNG BENJEN: Lyanna!
BRAN: My Aunt Lyanna. I’ve seen her statue in the crypt. My father never talked about her.
Closeup on THREE-EYED RAVEN. He turns to look at BRAN, but BRAN has already walked away. BRAN walks closer to the group. YOUNG LYANNA is being helped off her horse by YOUNG HODOR.
YOUNG BENJEN: Would you get out of here? We’re sparring.
YOUNG LYANNA: Who are you gonna spar with when Ned goes off to the Eyrie?
YOUNG BENJEN: I don’t know.
YOUNG LYANNA turns and looks at YOUNG HODOR.
YOUNG LYANNA: What about him?
YOUNG NED: Wylis, come here.
BRAN turns to look at YOUNG HODOR. THREE-EYED RAVEN reaches BRAN’s side.
BRAN: Hodor?
YOUNG LYANNA walks over to YOUNG HODOR with a wooden sword and shield.
YOUNG BENJEN: But he’s got giant’s blood.
YOUNG NED: And you’ve got training. Sounds like a fair match to me.
YOUNG LYANNA: Benjen always lifts his chin when he’s about to charge.
YOUNG HODOR takes the sword and shield.
YOUNG HODOR: And lowers it when he’s going to dodge, my lady.
BRAN: Hodor talks?
YOUNG HODOR walks over to YOUNG BENJEN. They both ready to commence sparring, but stop when NAN appears.
NAN: You leave the fighting to the little lords, Wylis. Come along, now. It’s no place for you.
NAN takes YOUNG HODOR by the ear and leads him away.
YOUNG NED: Oh, Nan, look at the size of him. If he ever learned to fight, he’d be unstoppable.
NAN: Well, he’s never going to learn to fight because he’s a stable boy. So leave him be.
THREE-EYED RAVEN (to BRAN): It is time to go.
BRAN: Please, a little longer.
THREE-EYED RAVEN touches BRAN on the shoulder.
BRAN is released from the vision. He gasps, then lets go of the root. The white fades from his eyes. A CHILD OF THE FOREST is sitting nearby, staring at him. He props himself up on his wrists and looks at THREE-EYED RAVEN.
BRAN: You finally show me something I care about and then you drag me away.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: It is beautiful beneath the sea, but if you stay too long, you’ll drown.
BRAN: I wasn’t drowning. I was home.
CHILD OF THE FOREST and THREE-EYED RAVEN exchange a glance. BRAN turns to HODOR, who is sitting with his back against a wall.
BRAN: Wylis.
HODOR: Hodor.
BRAN: I saw you as a boy. You could talk. What happened?
HODOR: Hodor.
BRAN: Where’s Meera?
HODOR: Hodor.
HODOR carries BRAN outside and sets him down in the snow. MEERA is sitting in the snow at the base of the great weirwood, staring out at the tundra.
BRAN: You shouldn’t be here. It’s not safe outside the cave.
MEERA: It’s not safe anywhere.
BRAN: I saw that Hodor wasn’t always Hodor.
HODOR: Hodor.
MEERA turns and looks at BRAN.
BRAN: What’s wrong?
MEERA casts her eyes down and looks away.
BRAN: The Three-Eyed Raven says there’s a war coming.
MEERA: And we’re going to fight it in there.
MEERA scoffs and turns away. HODOR picks BRAN up and carries him back inside. A side view of MEERA reveals the same CHILD OF THE FOREST who was watching BRAN, sitting among some stones and frozen shrubbery..
CHILD OF THE FOREST: Brandon Stark needs you.
MEERA: For what? I sit in there and I watch him have his visions and nothing ever happens.
CHILD OF THE FOREST: He isn’t going to stay there forever. And out there he needs you.
ALLISER THORNE: It’s time, Ser Davos. Open the door and the men inside can rejoin their brothers in peace. We’ll even set the wolf free north of the Wall where it belongs. Nobody needs to die tonight.
DAVOS turns to address the Night’s Watch faithfuls.
DAVOS: I’ve never been much of a fighter.
DAVOS walks over to Longclaw, JON SNOW’s sword, and picks it up.
DAVOS: Apologies for what you’re about to see.
DAVOS unsheathes Longclaw. The faithfuls follow suit, drawing their own blades.ALLISER THORNE turns to address a Night’s Watchman.
ALLISER THORNE: Come on.
The Night’s Watchman lifts and large hammer and walks over to the door. He begins slamming the hammer against the door repeatedly. GHOST begins to growl and bark. DAVOS and company ready themselves for battle. After a number of swings, the Night’s Watchman with the hammer breaks a hole in the door. A loud thudding can be heard somewhere behind ALLISER THORNE and company. They turn to see what the noise is. The thudding is coming from one of the courtyard’s main gates. WUN WUN breaks down the gate and the Wildlings led by TORMUND and DOLOROUS EDD rush into the courtyard. The Night’s Watch loyal to ALLISER THORNE have bows drawn at the Wildlings but do not fire. They back up slowly.
ALLISER THORNE: Attack!
ALLISER THORNE draws his sword. A Night’s Watchman charged TORMUND. TORMUND cuts him down. The other Night’s Watch members do not retaliate.
ALLISER THORNE: Fight, you cowards!
A Night’s Watchman on a balcony shoots WUN WUN in the shoulder with a crossbow bolt. WUN WUN turns to face the man, then grabs him by the legs, slams him against a wall, and tosses his body to the ground in front of ALLISER THORNE. The Night’s Watch members allied to ALLISER THORNE begin dropping their weaponry. TORMUND and DOLOROUS EDD approach ALLISER THORNE, swords drawn.
ALLISER THORNE (to DOLOROUS EDD): You fucking traitor.
DOLOROUS EDD: The only traitors here are the ones who shoved their knives into their Lord Commander’s heart.
ALLISER THORNE: For thousands of years the Night’s Watch has held Castle Black against the Wildlings.
TORMUND: Until you.
OLLY shouts and charges at TORMUND with his sword. TORMUND grabs OLLY and disarms him, then tosses him to another man who restrains him. Two men take ALLISER THORNE by the arms.
DOLOROUS EDD: Throw them into the cells where they belong.
The men drag ALLISER THORNE, OLLY, and the Night’s Watch betrayers away. TORMUND, DOLOROUS EDD, and DAVOS enter the room where JON SNOW’s body is. They stare down at him and his wounds.
TORMUND: Took a lot of knives. I’ll have my men get the wood for a fire. Bodies to burn.
STORYTELLER: Right, so there she is, high and mighty Queen Cersei, tits and ass jiggling in the breeze.
The commoners laugh.
STORYTELLER: All of a sudden she looks my way. Gives me a little smile like, “Well?” So, all right, you know, I’ve never been shy and I’m blessed down south, so I put it right out. She’s never seen anything like it. I mean, she’s used to her brother, and from what I hear, Jaime Lannister’s half an inch shy of an inch. She sees it and I swear to the gods she licks her lips. Well, you all know me. You know I wouldn’t lie about this.
The STORYTELLER walks into a dark alleyway to relieve himself. He is drunk. GREGOR walks up behind him. The STORYTELLER looks up at GREGOR. GREGOR bounces his head off the wall, killing him, then walks away.
CERSEI is standing in the center of the room,. She pulls a loose thread from the sleeve of her dress and examines it. GREGOR enters. CERSEI walks past him and exits her chamber. GREGOR follows. When they reach the bottom of the steps, they are confronted by a group of the king’s soldiers.
CERSEI: Get out of my way.
KING’S SOLDIER: King’s orders, Your Grace.
CERSEI: What are the king’s orders?
KING’S SOLDIER: He would like you to remain in the Red Keep, Your Grace, for your own protection.
CERSEI: You’re barring me from attending my own daughter’s funeral?
KING’S SOLDIER: Forgive me, Your Grace, by the king’s command, I cannot let you pass.
CERSEI: I would like to speak to my son.
KING’S SOLDIER: He has left the Red Keep, Your Grace.
GREGOR grabs the hilt of his sword. The king’s soldiers also take hold of their weapons. GREGOR looks at CERSEI. CERSEI turns and walks back up the stairs. GREGOR follows.
TOMMEN and JAIME are standing beside the body of MYRCELLA. She has funeral stones over her eyes, with painted eyes on them.
TOMMEN: She grew up.
JAIME: Almost.
TOMMEN: Have we caught Prince Trystane’s killers? I expect it was Mother.
JAIME: Your mother wouldn’t do that.
TOMMEN: Yes, she would.
JAIME: Are you angry with her?
TOMMEN: Of course not.
JAIME: Then why didn’t you let her come? She has every right to be here.
TOMMEN: They told me she wouldn’t be allowed in the sept. If she had tried --
JAIME: They’re not putting your mother in a cell ever again. Not while I’m here. Why haven’t you gone to see her? Everything she endured, she did it for you.
TOMMEN: Don’t you think I know that? I’m sorry. But I can’t.
JAIME: Why not?
TOMMEN: When the Faith Militant seized her and Margaery, what did I do? When they paraded her through the streets like a whore, what did I do?
JAIME: We all fail sometimes.
TOMMEN: The king is supposed to be the Protector of the Realm. If I can’t even protect my own wife or my own mother, what good am I?
The HIGH SPARROW enters the sept. JAIME takes TOMMEN by the shoulder.
JAIME: Go and see your mother and ask her to forgive you.
JAIME and TOMMEN to address the HIGH SPARROW.
HIGH SPARROW: Your Grace. Lord Commander.
TOMMEN: I want to see my wife.
HIGH SPARROW: The gods wait for Queen Margaery to confess her crimes and seek their mercy. The king must wait as well.
JAIME: Go and see your mother, Tommen.
TOMMEN exits.
JAIME: You’re a bold man.
HIGH SPARROW: On the contrary. I fear a great deal. The Father, the Mother, the Warrior.
The HIGH SPARROW approaches MYRCELLA’s body.
HIGH SPARROW: Do you know why we use these stones? To remind us not to fear death. We close our eyes on this world and open them on the next.
JAIME: You must long for the next life.
HIGH SPARROW: In truth, I fear that, too.
JAIME: You imprisoned and humiliated my sister.
HIGH SPARROW: Your sister sought the gods’ mercy and atoned for her sin.
JAIME: What about my sins?
JAIME approaches the HIGH SPARROW.
JAIME: I broke a sacred oath and stabbed my king in the back. I killed my own cousin. When the gods judged my brother guilty, I helped him escape their justice. What atonement do I deserve?
JAIME grips the hilt of his dagger and partially draws it.
HIGH SPARROW: You would spill blood in this holy place?
JAIME: Oh, the gods won’t mind. They’ve spilled more blood than the rest of us combined.
HIGH SPARROW: Go on, then. I deserve it. We all do. We are weak, vain creatures. We live only by the Mother’s mercy.
A great number of the Faith Militant encircle JAIME and the HIGH SPARROW on the steps of the sept.
JAIME: They should be closer if you mean for them to save you.
HIGH SPARROW: I don’t. They’d never reach me before you struck.
JAIME: I’ve fought against worse odds.
HIGH SPARROW: No doubt many of us would fall. But who are we, hmm? We have no names, no family. Every one of us is poor and powerless. And yet together, we can overthrow an empire.
The HIGH SPARROW walks slowly away from JAIME.
CERSEI is looking over the balcony at King’s Landing. TOMMEN enters her chamber.
TOMMEN: Mother.
CERSEI walks in from the balcony.
CERSEI: Did they put her in the red gown or the gold?
TOMMEN: Gold.
CERSEI: Good. It was always her color.
CERSEI walks over to a side table and drinks a sip of wine. Her back is facing TOMMEN.
CERSEI: I understand. I’m glad to see you.
TOMMEN: I know I should have come sooner. I wanted to. I was wrong.
CERSEI: It’s all right.
TOMMEN: No, it isn’t.
CERSEI turns to face TOMMEN.
TOMMEN: I should have executed all of them. I should have pulled down the sept onto the High Sparrow’s head before I let them do that to you, as you would have for me. You raised me to be strong...and I wasn’t. But I want to be. Help me.
CERSEI: Always.
CERSEI and TOMMEN embrace.
TYRION, VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are gathered together in council. TYRION pours himself a glass of wine. VARYS tsks at him.
TYRION: If I lost my cock, I’d drink all the time.
TYRION looks at GREY WORM.
TYRION: Meaning no offense. He makes dwarf jokes, I make eunuch jokes.
VARYS: I do not make dwarf jokes.
TYRION: You think them.
VARYS sighs.
VARYS: So, the fleet. It’s been burned.
GREY WORM: We are searching for the men who burned the ships, but nobody saw anything.
TYRION: Surely there’s some good news lurking somewhere.
VARYS: Astapor and Yunkai have stopped asking us for aid.
TYRION: Perhaps they can tell us their secret.
VARYS: The Masters have retaken both cities. Outside of Meereen, the whole of Slaver’s Bay has returned to the slavers.
TYRION: What about the dragons? We have two of them here beneath the pyramid.
MISSANDEI: They are not eating. They haven’t touched any food since Queen Daenerys left.
TYRION: Daenerys is the dragon queen. Can’t very well let the dragons starve, that’s obvious.
GREY WORM: If a dragon does not want to eat, how do you force him to eat?
TYRION: Dragons do not do well in captivity.
MISSANDEI: How do you know this?
TYRION: That’s what I do. I drink and I know things.
TYRION finishes his glass of wine and walks over to the pitcher to pour himself another glass.
TYRION: The dragons Aegon used to conquer Westeros ranged over hundreds of miles. Then Daenerys’s ancestors started chaining them up in pens. A few generations later, the last dragons were no larger than cats. They must be unchained or they’ll waste away. Missandei, how many times were you in the company of these dragons?
MISSANDEI: Many times.
TYRION: And did they ever harm you?
MISSANDEI: Never.
TYRION: Dragons are intelligent. More intelligent than men according to some maesters. They have affection for their friends and fury for their enemies. I am their friend.
VARYS: Do they know that?
TYRION: They will. It’s time they had their supper.
TYRION and VARYS enter the dragons’ holding chamber bearing torches. TYRION begins walking slowly down the steps. VARYS remains at the top. When TYRION reaches the floor, he pauses and stares into the darkness. Faint growling can be heard. TYRION stops and looks back at VARYS momentarily. RHAEGAL and VISERION emerge from the shadows. VISERION lights a fire in his mouth and roars at TYRION. RHAEGAL approaches with a small roar.
TYRION (to RHAEGAL): I’m friends with your mother. I’m here to help. Don’t eat the help.
TYRION chuckles nervously. RHAEGAL growls at TYRION. TYRION approaches cautiously.
TYRION: When I was a child an uncle asked what gift I wanted for my name day. I begged him for one of you. “It wouldn’t even have to be a big dragon,” I told him. “It could be little, like me.”
TYRION sets down his torch and gets closer to RHAEGAL.
TYRION: Everyone laughed like it was the funniest thing they had ever heard. Then my father told me the last dragon had died a century ago. I cried myself to sleep that night.
TYRION touches RHAEGAL on the neck.
TYRION: But here you are.
TYRION takes hold of the piston keeping RHAEGAL’s shackle closed and pulls it free. The shackle falls the ground. TYRION turns around to see VISERION growling at him. VISERION exposes his neck to TYRION. TYRION approaches and releases the piston from VISERION’s shackle. RHAEGAL and VISERION return to the shadows. TYRION picks up his torch and hurries up the steps.
TYRION: Next time I have an idea like that, punch me in the face.
ARYA is sitting on the ground against the wall of a street. The WAIF appears, staff in hand.
WAIF: What’s your name?
ARYA grabs her staff and rushes to her feet. The WAIF smacks ARYA in the face, drawing blood. ARYA approaches the sound of the WAIF’s voice, but the WAIF has already moved to the side.
WAIF: What’s your name?
ARYA: No one.
WAIF: I don’t believe that.
ARYA swings her staff at the WAIF, but misses. The WAIF hits ARYA in the side.
WAIF: You don’t believe that.
ARYA swings her staff at the WAIF again, but misses again. The WAIF hits ARYAoin the other side. ARYA rushes towards the WAIF and trips on some steps, falling to the ground. She grabs her staff and stands back up. The WAIF hits ARYA three more times, knocking her to the ground on the third. ARYA stands up and swings at the WAIF again, and misses for a third time. The WAIF hits ARYA in the face, knocking her to the ground again. ARYA is panting heavily. She returns to her feet, screams, and swings her staff around her many times. The WAIF has disappeared. The Faceless Man, taking on the visage of JAQEN H’GHAR, catches ARYA’s staff mid-swing.
JAQEN: Who are you?
ARYA: No one.
JAQEN: If a girl says her name, a man will let her sleep under a roof tonight.
ARYA: A girl has no name.
JAQEN: If a girl says her name, a man will feed her tonight.
ARYA: A girl has no name.
JAQEN: If a girl says her name, a man will give her eyes back.
ARYA: A girl has no name.
JAQEN releases ARYA’s staff.
JAQEN: Come.
ARYA turns around and walks to her beggar basket.
JAQEN: Leave it. A girl is not a beggar anymore.
ARYA follows JAQEN.
ROOSE, RAMSAY, and LORD KARSTARK are gathered at the dining table, talking. RAMSAY and LORD KARSTARK are standing, while ROOSE remains seated at the head of the table.
LORD KARSTARK: He came upon the bodies on our way here.
ROOSE: Half a dozen men? Your best hunters?
RAMSAY: They obviously had help.
ROOSE: I didn’t think lady Sansa killed them all by herself. Thank you for this report, Lord Kastark.
RAMSAY: We know where she’s going. Her brother’s at Castle Black.
LORD KARSTARK: Ned Stark’s last surviving son?
ROOSE: Jon Snow is a bastard, not a Stark.
RAMSAY: So was I, Father.
LORD KARSTARK: Your hold on the North will never be secure as long as a Stark can walk through that door.
RAMSAY: Castle Black isn’t defended on the southern side. And the few men left are barely men at all. Farm boys and thieves. With a small force we could storm the castle, kill Jon Snow --
ROOSE: Murder the Lord Commander of the Night’s Watch? You’d unite every house in the North against us.
RAMSAY: We don’t need every house in the North. The Umbers, the Manderlys, and the Karstarks. command more soldiers than all the other houses combined. With their support, none could challenge us.
LORD KARSTARK: The Starks lost my house the day King Rob cut off my father’s head. It’s time for new blood in the North.
ROOSE looks at both his son and lord Karstark. He gets up and stands in front of them.
ROOSE: If you acquire a reputation as a mad dog, you’ll be treated as a mad dog. Taken out back and slaughtered for pig feed.
MAESTER WOLKAN enters and interrupts them.
MAESTER WOLKAN: My lords. Lady Walda has given birth. A boy. Red-cheeked and healthy.
LORD KARSTARK: My congratulations, Lord Bolton.
RAMSAY steps towards his father. They hug.
RAMSEY: Congratulations, Father. I look forward to meeting my new brother.
ROOSE puts his hand on RAMSAY’s shoulder.
ROOSE: You’ll always be my firstborn.
RAMSAY: Thank you for saying that. It means a great deal to me.
RAMSAY stabs ROOSE in the gut with a knife. ROOSE falls to the ground. ROOSE dies. RAMSAY steps away from ROOSE and cleans his knife.
RAMSAY: Maester Wolkan, send ravens to all the Northern houses. Roose Bolton is dead. Poisoned by our enemies.
MAESTER WOLKAN does not respond.
RAMSAY: How did he die?
MAESTER WOLKAN: Poisoned by his enemies.
LORD KARSTARK: You're talking to your lord. Use respect.
MAESTER WOLKAN: Forgive me, my lord.
RAMSAY: Send for Lady Walda and the baby.
MAESTER WOLKAN: She’s resting, my lord.
RAMSAY glares at MAESTER WOLKAN.
MAESTER WOLKAN: At once, my lord.
RAMSAY looks down at ROOSE's body.
RAMSAY is standing alone. LADY WALDA walks to RAMSAY carrying her newborn son.
RAMSAY: There he is.
LADY WALDA: Isn’t he wonderful?
LADY WALDA shows RAMSAY her son.
RAMSEY: May I hold him?
LADY WALDA: Of course.
RAMSAY takes the baby.
RAMSAY: Little brother.
LADY WALDA: Lord Bolton sent for us. Have you seen him?
LADY WALDA reaches for the baby. RAMSAY hands the baby to her.
RAMSAY: Of course. Follow me, Mother.
RAMSAY and LADY WALDA walk to the kennel and enter. RAMSAY opens the gate. The dogs bark. RAMSAY closes the gate and locks it. LADY WALDA looks around.
LADY WALDA: Where is Lord Bolton?
The dogs bark even louder.
RAMSAY (to the dogs): Down!
The baby starts crying. LADY WALDA tries to soothe the baby.
LADY WALDA: It’s all right. Come on, shh.
RAMSAY opens the door of a kennel.
LADY WALDA: It’s cold out here, Ramsay. I need to feed him.
RAMSAY opens the doors of all the kennels one by one.
LADY WALDA: Ramsay, where is your father? Ramsay? Where is Lord Bolton?
RAMSAY walks back over to LADY WALDA.
RAMSAY: I am Lord Bolton.
LADY WALDA looks at her baby.
LADY WALDA: Ramsay. Ramsay, please. I’ll leave Winterfell. I’ll go back to the Riverlands. Please. Ramsay. He’s your brother.
RAMSEY: I prefer being an only child.
RAMSEY whisles at the dogs. They exit their pens and attack LADY WALDA and the baby. LADY WALDA screams. The dogs kill them.
THEON is gathering wood. He glances at SANSA and BRIENNE, who are in conversation. PODRICK is making a fire.
BRIENNE: I saw her with a man. I don’t think he hurt her. She didn’t want to leave him, he didn’t want to leave her.
SANSA: You don’t know which way she went?
BRIENNE: I spent three days looking for her. She disappeared.
SANSA: How did she look?
BRIENNE: She looked good. She wasn’t exactly dressed like a lady.
SANSA smiles.
SANSA: No, she wouldn’t be.
BRIENNE: What happened at Winterfell?
SANSA pauses and tears up.
SANSA: I should’ve gone with you while I had the chance.
BRIENNE: It was a difficult choice, my lady.
BRIENNE looks at THEON.
BRIENNE: We’ve all had to make difficult choices.
THEON stands up and walks away from PODRICK. SANSA stands and walks to THEON.
THEON: We shouldn’t be lighting fires. It’s not safe. He won’t stop hunting us.
SANSA: We just have to make it to Castle Black. Once we’re with Jon, Ramsay won’t be able to touch us.
THEON: Jon will have me killed the moment I step through the gate.
SANSA: I won’t let him. I’ll tell him the truth about Bran and Rickon.
THEON: And the truth about the farm boys I killed in their place? The truth about Ser Rodrik, who I beheaded?
SANSA looks to the ground.
THEON: And the truth about Rob, who I betrayed?
SANSA: When you take the black, all your crimes are forgiven.
THEON: I don’t want to be forgiven. I can never make amends to your family for all the things that I’ve done. They’ll keep you safer than I ever could.
SANSA: You’re not coming with us?
THEON: I would have taken you all the way to the Wall. I would have died to get you there.
SANSA hugs THEON. They both cry.
THEON: May I take one of the horses?
SANSA: Where will you go?
THEON: Home.
A storm is raging.
YARA and BALON are standing and speaking. BALON stands at the fireplace with his back to YARA.
YARA: The Glovers have retaken Deepwood Motte.
BALON: And the Ironborn who held it?
YARA: They died fighting to a man.
BALON: What is dead may never die.
YARA: What is dead may never die.
YARA places the piece of paper she was reading from on a table.
YARA: But they did and our invasion died with them. Deepwood Motte was our last stronghold on the mainland.
BALON: They we will take more.
YARA: Why? For more pinecones and rocks?
BALON turns around to face YARA.
BALON: Because I order it.
YARA: We can defeat anyone at sea, but we’ll never hold lands and castles against mainland armies.
BALON walks to YARA.
BALON: Not if our captains defy my orders, abandon their posts, and sacrifice our men on foolish mission.
YARA: I won’t apologize for trying to rescue Theon.
BALON: Then where is he?
YARA: Where is your kingdom? We took those castles because the northerners marched off to war. That war is over. The last time we provoked them too far, I watched from that window as they breached our walls and knocked down our towers. I lost two brothers that day.
BALON: And I lost three sons. The War of the Five Kings, they call it. Well, the other four are dead. When you rule the Iron Islands, you can wage all the peace you wan. But for now, shut your mouth and obey or I will make another heir who will.
BALON exits the hall.
Rain is pouring down. BALON begins to cross the unsteady bridge. He leans on the ropes and looks down at the ocean, then sees a cloaked figure on the other side of the bridge.
BALON: Let me pass. You fool, move aside for your king.
HOODED FIGURE: Haven’t I always, brother?
The hooded figure takes off his hood, revealing his identity. He is EURON GREYJOY. BALON walks a few steps closer.
BALON: I thought you’d be rotting under some foreign sea by now.
EURON: What is dead may never die.
BALON does not respond.
EURON: Has the custom changed since I’ve been gone? Aren’t you supposed to repeat the words?
BALON: You can mock our god without my help.
EURON: I don’t mock the Drowned God. I am the Drowned God. From Oldtown to Qarth, when men see my sails, they pray.
The wind buffets the bridge back and forth. BALON tries to hold his balance. EURON chuckles.
EURON: You’re old, brother. You've had your time. Now let another rule.
BALON walks towards his brother.
BALON: I heard you lost your mind during the storm on the Jade Sea. They tied you to the mast to keep you from jumping overboard.
EURON: They did.
BALON: And when the storm passed, you cut out their tongues.
EURON: I needed silence.
BALON: What kind of an Ironborn loses his senses during a storm?
EURON: I am the storm, brother. The first storm and the last. And you’re in my way.
BALON draws a knife and slashes EURON across the face. EURON throws BALON off the bridge. BALON falls to his death.
Many Ironborn are in attendance for BALON's funeral. AERON GREYJOY and several Drowned Men are gathered around BALON's body. They are performing funeral rites, covering it with rocks, seaweed, and wood. YARA approaches. YARA and the Drowned Men walk BALON's body through the shallows.
AERON: Lord, take your servant Balon back beneath the waves. Feed the creatures of your kingdom on his flesh. Pull his bones down to your depths to rest beside his ancestors and his children.
ALL: What is dead may never die.
YARA: I’m going to find out who did this. I’m going to feed them to the sharks while they live. I swear it by the Salt Throne.
AERON: The Salt Throne is not yours to swear upon, not unless the kingsmoot chooses you.
YARA: My father would’ve wanted me to rule.
AERON: Your father does not get to choose. The law is clear. Perhaps you'll win. Perhaps you’ll be the first woman in history to rule the Ironborn. And perhaps not.
MELISANDRE: Come in.
DAVOS enters.
DAVOS: I'm sorry, my lady. I didn’t mean to interrupt.
MELISANDRE: You interrupt nothing.
DAVOS looks at the fireplace and then at MELISANDRE.
DAVOS: I assume you know why I’m here.
MELISANDRE: I will after you tell me.
DAVOS: It’s about the Lord Commander.
MELISANDRE: The former Lord Commander.
DAVOS: Does he have to be?
MELISANDRE looks at DAVOS.
MELISANDRE: What are you asking?
DAVOS: Do you know of any magic...that could help him? Bring him back?
MELISANDRE: If you want to help him, leave him be.
DAVOS: Can it be done?
MELISANDRE: There are some with his power.
DAVOS: How?
MELISANDRE: I don’t know.
DAVOS: Have you seen it done?
DAVOS: But it was. It could be now.
MELISANDRE: Not for me.
MELISANDRE stands and walks away from her chair. DAVOS walks towards her.
DAVOS: Not for you? I saw you drink poison that should’ve killed you. I saw you give birth to a demon made of shadows.
MELISANDRE: Everything I believed, the great victory I saw in the flames, all of it was a lie.
MELISANDRE looks at DAVOS.
MELISANDRE: You were right all along. The Lord never spoke to me.
DAVOS: Fuck him, then. Fuck all of them. I’m not a devout man, obviously. Seven Gods, drowned gods, tree gods, it's all the same.
DAVOS comes a step closer to MELISANDRE
DAVOS: I’m not asking the Lord of Light for help.I’m asking the woman who showed me that miracles exist.
MELISANDRE: I never had this gift.
DAVOS: Have you ever tried?
DAVOS, TORMUND, DOLOROUS EDD, and MELISANDRE are gathered around JON SNOW's body. GHOST is sleeping on the floor. MELISANDRE is performing a ritual on JON SNOW's body. She wrings out a wet cloth with which she cleans out the wounds of JON SNOW. She cuts his hair and beard and throws the hairs in a firepit. Then she places her hands on JON SNOW's chest and utters an incantation in Valyrian. She sighs.
MELISANDRE: Please.
MELISANDRE lets her hands down slowly. She has tears in her eyes and looks to DAVOS. TORMUND scoffs and exits, followed by MELISANDRE and DOLOROUS EDD. DAVOS lingers and stares at JON SNOW's body, but eventually exits. GHOST suddenly wakes up and looks at JON SNOW. JON SNOW's eyes snap open and he gasps for breath.
CREDITS
TITLE SEQUENCEINT. CASTLE BLACK ROOMDAVOS is staring at JON SNOW. JON SNOW slowly sits up on the table, breathing heavily. He turns his head to look at DAVOS. GHOST is standing in front of JON SNOW, also staring at him. JON SNOW looks down at his body and sees his stab wounds. He begins gasping and shaking. DAVOS takes off his cloak and rushes over to JON SNOW. JON SNOW attempts to stand but falters. DAVOS catches JON SNOW and wraps him in his cloak.
DAVOS: Easy, easy. Easy.
DAVOS ushers JON SNOW back into a sitting position. MELISANDRE enters and stares at JON SNOW.
DAVOS: What do you remember?
JON SNOW: They stabbed me. Olly...he put a knife in my heart. I shouldn’t be here.
DAVOS: The lady brought you back.
MELISANDRE approaches JON SNOW and kneels in front of him.
MELISANDRE: Afterwards, after they stabbed you, after you died, where did you go? What did you see?
JON SNOW: Nothing. There was nothing at all.
MELISANDRE: The Lord let you come back for a reason. Stannis was not the prince who was promised, but someone has to be.
DAVOS (to MELISANDRE): Could you give us a moment?
MELISANDRE rises and exits the room. DAVOS closes the door behind her, grabs a stool, and sits down in front of JON SNOW.
DAVOS: You were dead. And now you’re not. That’s completely fucking mad, seems to me. I can only imagine how it seems to you.
JON SNOW: I did what I thought was right. And I got murdered for it. And now I’m back. Why?
DAVOS: I don’t know. Maybe we’ll never know. What does it matter? You go on. You fight for as long as you can. You clean up as much of the shit as you can.
JON SNOW: I don’t know how to do that. I thought I did, but...I failed.
DAVOS: Good. Now go fail again.
DOLOROUS EDD, TORMUND, the faithful Night’s Watch members, and the Wildlings are all gathered in the courtyard, staring up at the entrance to the room JON SNOW was in. JON SNOW emerges on the balcony, supported by DAVOS. He stares out at the crowd, then walks down the steps with the help of DAVOS and begins walking through the crowd. The men on either side part to let him pass. TORMUND walks up the middle to confront JON SNOW.
TORMUND: They think you’re some kind of god. The man who returned from the dead.
JON SNOW: I’m not a god.
TORMUND: I know that.
TORMUND moves closer to JON SNOW and whispers in his ear.
TORMUND: I saw your pecker. What kind of god would have a pecker that small?
JON SNOW and TORMUND both chuckle and embrace. JON SNOW winces, then spies DOLOROUS EDD and begins walking towards him. They embrace, and JON SNOW winces again.
DOLOROUS EDD: Your eyes are still brown. Is that still you in there?
JON SNOW: I think so. Hold off on burning my body for now.
DOLOROUS EDD laughs.
DOLOROUS EDD: That’s funny. You sure that’s still you in there?
Both men laugh.
GILLY is sitting on the edge of a cot with LITTLE SAM. Various crewmembers are going about their business. SAMWELL is huddled over a bucket, quivering. He groans and gags. GILLY approaches him.
GILLY: You all right?
SAMWELL: Yes. Yes, I’m fine.
GILLY: Did I ever tell you I used to think the sea was called the see because it was nothing but water as far as the eye could see?
SAMWELL: I don’t think so.
GILLY: Sea, see. They’re spelled different, but they sound the same.
SAMWELL: Yeah, they do.
GILLY: It was before I learned how to read, obviously.
SAMWELL scrunches up his face.
GILLY: Sam, are you going to be sick?
SAMWELL shakes his head and then vomits into the bucket. GILLY retrieves a water skin and hands it to SAMWELL. He washes out his mouth with water.
GILLY: Won’t be long. We’ll be in the south soon. I’m excited to see Oldtown. Captain says it’s the most beautiful city in Westeros. Are you going to vomit again?
SAMWELL: No. No, no, no. The Citadel doesn’t admit women. There won’t be a place for you there or for Little Sam.
GILLY: I stayed at Castle Black. There’s no women allowed there.
SAMWELL: The Citadel isn’t Castle Black. I don’t have a Jon Snow or a Maester Aemon to help me bend the rules.
GILLY: I’ll stay in Oldtown, then.
SAMWELL: By yourself? With a baby and no money?
GILLY stands.
GILLY: So if we’re not going to Oldtown, where are you taking me?
GILLY: “Wherever you go, I go, too.” That’s what you said.
GILLY returns to LITTLE SAM and sits down on the cot. SAMWELL rises and follows her.
GILLY: Us and everyone else in the world.
SAMWELL: I don’t care about them. Well, no, I do, but I don’t really. I care about you and him.
GILLY: I know that, Sam. And he does, too. You're the only one who ever has.
GILLY places her hand on SAMWELL’s back.
GILLY: If you think it’s for the best, we trust you.
SAMWELL: I’d feel better if you threw something at me and stormed off.
GILLY: I’d never do that to the father of my son.
SAMWELL smiles and looks at LITTLE SAM, then vomits into a bucket and coughs.
BRAN: That’s my father.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: The man beside him is Howland Reed, Meera’s father.
The Kingsguard walk past BRAN and THREE-EYED RAVEN.
BRAN: Ser Arthur Dayne.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: The Sword of the Morning.
BRAN: Father said he was the best swordsman he ever saw.
NED and his companions confront the Kingsguard. ARTHUR stabs his sword into the dirt.
ARTHUR: Lord Stark.
NED: I looked for you on the Trident.
ARTHUR: We weren’t there.
KINGSGUARD: Your friend the usurper would lie beneath the ground if we had been.
NED: The Mad King is dead. Rhaegar lies beneath the ground. Why weren’t you there to protect your prince?
ARTHUR: Our prince wanted us here.
NED: Where’s my sister?
ARTHUR: I wish you good fortune in the wars to come.
ARTHUR and the other Kingsguard put on their helmets.
ARTHUR: And now it begins.
The Kingsguard draw their blades.
NED: No. Now it ends.
NED and his men draw their blades and attack. ARTHUR cuts down HOWLAND. The other Kingsguard runs one of NED’s men through with his sword. NED engages in single combat with the other Kingsguard and stabs him through the throat. NED and his three remaining men surround ARTHUR. NED and his men attack all at once, but ARTHUR deflects all of their blows repeatedly, then repositions himself. He kills one of NED’s men with a downward strike from both of his blades. NED and the two remaining men advance on ARTHUR. ARTHUR deflects their blows again and slices the throat of another man, then runs another through with his blade. NED engages ARTHUR in single combat.
BRAN: He’s better than my father.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: Far better.
BRAN: But Father beat him.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: Did he?
BRAN: I know he did. Heard the story a thousand times.
ARTHUR traps NED’s blade and wrenches it from his hands. ARTHUR makes a motion to strike NED down, but HOWLAND stabs ARTHUR in the back. ARTHUR falls to his knees.
BRAN: He stabbed him in the back.
NED retrieves a sword and slashes ARTHUR with it, killing him. A woman screams from the Tower and NED storms towards it.
BRAN: What’s in the tower?
THREE-EYED RAVEN: That’s enough for one day. We’ll visit again another time.
BRAN: I want to see where he’s going.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: Time to go.
BRAN: Father!
NED stops on the stairs and turns around in the direction of BRAN’s yelling but sees nothing and proceeds up the stairs. BRAN chases after him but is intercepted by the THREE-EYED RAVEN, who touches him on the shoulder.
The white leaves BRAN’s eyes as the vision fades. The THREE-EYED RAVEN is tangled in his roots. A child of the forest looks on. BRAN crawls towards the THREE-EYED RAVEN.
BRAN: Why did you do that? Take me back there. I want to go back.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: No.
BRAN: He heard me.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: Maybe. Maybe he heard the wind.
BRAN: He heard me.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: The past is already written. The ink is dry.
BRAN: What’s in that tower? I want to go back there.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: I’ve told you many times, stay too long where you don’t belong and you will never return.
BRAN: Why do I want to return? So I can be a cripple again? So I can talk to an old man in a tree?
THREE-EYED RAVEN: You think I wanted to sit here for 1,000 years watching the world from a distance as the roots grew through me?
BRAN: So why did you?
THREE-EYED RAVEN: I was waiting for you.
BRAN: I don’t want to be you.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: I don’t blame you. You won’t be here forever. You won’t be an old man in a tree. But before you leave, you must learn.
BRAN: Learn what?
THREE-EYED RAVEN: Everything.
BLOODRIDER (speaking Dothraki):  Hey, Great Khaleesi. Move your ass.
DAENERYS approaches a domed structure. KHAL MORO and two of his Bloodriders are waiting for atop their horses.
KHAL MORO: Welcome home, Khaleesi.
Another Bloodrider ushers DAENERYS into the building. Inside, DAENERYS stands in front of a platform atop which a middle-aged Dothraki woman is standing. A group of younger Dothraki women encircle DAENERYS. They speak in Dothraki.
DOTHRAKI WOMAN: Go.
The Bloodriders who ushered DAENERYS in exit. The older Dothraki woman nods to the younger women, who swarm DAENERYS and remove all of her clothing.
DAENERYS: What are you doing?! Take your hands off me! I will have your heads!
One of the younger woman approaches DAENERYS with a simple brown garment, which DAENERYS takes and wears.
DAENERYS: You have made a mistake. One you will regret. I am the wife of the Great Khal.
DOTHRAKI MATRON: We know who you are. I remember you eating the stallion’s heart. Why didn’t you come to us after Khal Drogo died?
DAENERYS: Because I am Daenerys Stormborn, the Breaker of Chains, the Queen of Meereen and the Mother of Dragons. My place is not here with you.
DOTHRAKI MATRON: You were the wife of the Great Khal. You thought he would conquer the world with you at his side. He didn’t. I was the wife of the Great Khal. Khal Savo. I thought he would conquer the world with me at his side. You’re young. We were all young once. But we all understand the way things are. You will learn as well, if you are fortunate enough to stay with us.
DAENERYS: Where else would I go? Every khaleesi becomes Dosh Khaleen.
DOTHRAKI MATRON: Yes. Immediately after the death of their khal. But you went out into the world. That is forbidden. All the khalasars have returned for the Khalar Vezhven. They will decide which cities will be sacked and which tribes will be enslaved. And now they must decide what to do with Khal Drogo’s silver-haired widow. With luck, your place will be here with us, Mother of Dragons. It is the best you can hope for, now.
INT. MEEREEN GREAT PYRAMID THRONE ROOMVARYS is sitting on the steps of the throne, fanning himself. Several Unsullied stand around the perimeters of the room.
VARYS (to an Unsullied): I don’t know how you stand it in all that leather.
Two Unsullied usher a woman into the room.
VARYS: If we could have the room.
All the Unsullied guards exit.
VARYS: You look lovely today, my dear. You really do. How you climbed all those steps without breaking a sweat.
WOMAN: If you’re going to torture me, just call them back and get on with it.
VARYS: I am not a torturer.
VARYS stands.
VARYS: Though it so often is what people deserve.
VARYS approaches the woman.
VARYS: And it does provide answers. But they’re usually the wrong answers. My job is to find the right answers. Do you know how I do that? I do it by making people happy. I’d like to make you happy, Vala. That’s your name, isn’t it, Vala?
VALA looks away. VARYS chuckles.
VARYS: That’s all right. I know who you are and what you’ve done. You’ve done a lot. You’ve sacrificed your body for a cause, which is more than most people do. And you’ve helped the Sons of the Harpy murder the Unsullied and the Second Sons.
VALA: The Unsullied and the Second Songs are foreign soldiers brought here by a foreign queen to destroy our city and our history.
VALA: Yes, you’re a true liberator, aren’t you? You won’t torture me, you’ll just threaten my son.
VARYS: Children are blameless. I have never hurt them. Your boy is in no immediate danger, this I swear to you. But between us, dear, you did conspire to kill the queen’s soldiers. We both know the penalty for that crime. How will poor Dom get on without his mother? And with his breathing problem.
VALA: If I tell you anything, they’ll kill me. So either you kill me or they do.
VARYS: Yes, from your perspective, this is a problem. There is a third option, though. A ship leaving tomorrow for Pentos. I’ve already booked passage for a woman and her young son. I’ll even throw in a bag of silver to help you start again.
VARYS kicks a large brown bag at his feet.
VARYS: Though I’m afraid we’ll have to ask one of our leather-clad friends back in to carry it. Far too heavy for me. The boat sails at dawn. You need to decide now. A new life for you and Dom or…
TYRION, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are sitting together around a table. TYRION smiles at MISSANDEI, and MISSANDEI smiles back. TYRION smiles at GREY WORM, and GREY WORM remains expressionless.
TYRION: What should we do while we wait? To pass the time, what should we do? What should we talk about?
MISSANDEI and GREY WORM look at each other, then at TYRION.
TYRION (to MISSANDEI): You speak 19 languages. You must occasionally use some of them to talk about things.
MISSANDEI says nothing.
TYRION: You two, you spend a great deal of time together. What would you be talking about if I weren’t here?
GREY WORM: Patrol. When I am going on patrol with the Unsullied. What we see on patrol. Who we captured on patrol.
TYRION: That’s good. That’s very good.
TYRION stands and carries his wine glass over to the decanter to refill it.
TYRION: But that’s a report. I was thinking more of a conversation. A wise man once said the truth history of the world is the history of great conversation in elegant rooms.
MISSANDEI: Who said this?
TYRION: Me. Just now. All right, no conversations. Let’s play a game.
TYRION returns to the table. GREY WORM and MISSANDEI say nothing.
TYRION: You don’t play games, either one of you, ever?
GREY WORM: Games are for children.
MISSANDEI: My master Kraznys would sometimes make us play games.
TYRION: There, that’s a start.
MISSANDEI: Only the girls.
TYRION: Oh no, no, no. Not that, of course not that. Innocent games, fun games, drinking games.
MISSANDEI: We do not drink.
TYRION: Until you do.
GREY WORM and MISSANDEI look interrogatively at TYRION.
VARYS enters the room.
TYRION: Oh, you took your time.
VARYS: Sorry. I was busy learning who funds the Sons of the Harpy. Some things you can’t rush.
MISSANDEI: You found out?
VARYS: The good masters of Astapor. And the wise masters of Yunkai. With help from their friends in Volantis.
TYRION: You see? You don’t even have to worry about the local rebellion. We only have to worry about the three rich foreign cities paying for it.
GREY WORM: We conquered Asatapor and Yunkai once. We will do it again and execute the Masters.
TYRION: If the Unsullied march off to reconquer Asatapor and Yunkai, who remain to defend the free people of Meereen?
GREY WORM: If we do not fight them, how can we stop them?
MISSANDEI: We cannot. The Masters only speak one language. They spoke it to me for many years. I know it better than my mother tongue. If we want them to hear us, we must speak it back to them. May it be the last thing they ever hear.
TYRION nods.
TYRION: You may be right.
GREY WORM: So we will fight them?
TYRION: Possibly.
MISSANDEI: Possibly?
TYRION: It’s a conversation.
TYRION turns to VARYS.
TYRION: Tell me, can the little birds get a message to the good Masters of Astapor, the wise Masters of Yunkai, the benevolent enslavers of Volantis?
VARYS: Of course. Man can be fickle, but birds always trust.
A group of Varys' child spies are gathered together. One LITTLE BIRD picks up a model of a planet. Another child plays with an hourglass.
QYBURN: Your eye looks much better, Arthur. How’s your mother’s jaw?
ARTHUR: Better.
QYBURN: And your father?
ARTHUR: No one’s seen him.
QYBURN: And no one will. That worked out rather nicely.
LITTLE BIRD: Will Lord Varys ever come back?
QYBURN: I don’t think so. Do you miss him?
LITTLE BIRD: He was nice.
ARTHUR: He called us his little birds. He gave us sweets.
QYBURN stands up and walks to a table.
QYBURN: It’s funny you should mention that. Guess what I happened to find today. Candied plums from Dorne.
He nods at the boxes. Eeach child picks one. They nibble at the plums.
QYBURN: Now remember, if any of your friends like sweets or need help, they can always come to me. All I need in return are whispers.
The door opens. GREGOR walks in, followed by JAIME and CERSEI.
QYBURN: No need to be afraid. This is Ser Gregor. He’s friends with all my friends.
GREGOR looks at the children. They stare at him, motionless.
QYBURN: Run along now.
The children run up the stairs.
CERSEI: Varys's little birds?
QYBURN: Your little birds now, your Grace.
JAIME is admiring GREGOR.
JAIME: What did you do to him exactly? I haven't been able to get a clear answer.
QYBURN: Oh, a number of things.
JAIME: Does he understand what we’re saying? I mean, to the extent that he ever understood complete sentences in the first place.
GREGOR turns his head to JAIME. JAIME recoils.
QYBURNS: He understands well enough.
JAIME: So tell him to march into the sept and crush the High Sparrow’s head like a melon.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow has hundreds of Faith Militant surrounding him. Ser Gregor will can’t face them all. And he won’t have to. He’ll only have to face one.
JAIME: Has the Faith leveled official charges yet?
CERSEI: Not yet.
JAIME: That is one trial by combat I look forward to watching.
CERSEI (to QYBURN): Don’t stop at the city. I want little birds in Dorne, in Highgarden, in the North. If someone is planning on making our losses their gains I want to hear it. If someone is laughing at the queen who walk naked through the streets covered in shit, I want to hear. I want to know who they are. I want to where they are.
QYBURN bows his head to CERSEI.
KEVAN LANNISTER chairs a meeting of the Small Council. MAESTER PYCELLE, MACE TYRELL and LADY OLENNA have all gathered around him.
MAESTER PYCELLE: As bad as Lord Varys was Varys was, Qyburn is worse. I told them all. I told them. He’s arrogant, dangerous. You don’t get thrown out of the Citadel without good reason. And no one listened to my advice, so here we are.
JAIME, CERSEI and SER GREGOR enter the room.
MAESTER PYCELLE: And what he's done to Gregor Clegane is an abomination. We never sanctioned this, this experiment. And I for one think it would be in our best interest to have the beast dest --
MAESTER PYCELLE notices the new guests. He farts.
KEVAN: Can I help you?
CERSEI (to LADY OLENNA): Why are you here?
MACE TYRELL: My mother...
LADY OLENNA: I was invited, my dear, o help deal with several troublesome issues, such as the queen’s imprisonment.
CERSEI: Thank you for bringing it up. It’s well past time we addressed the abuses I endured.
LADY OLENNA: Margaery is the queen. You are not the queen because you’re not married to the king. I do appreciate these things can get a bit confusing in your family.
KEVAN (to CERSEI & company): This is a Small Council meeting. You have no position on the Small Council.
JAIME: I’m Lord Commander of the Kingsguard. The Lord Commander of the Kingsguard does have a position on the Small Council.
CERSEI: Grand Maester Pycelle, would you sanction that statement?
MAESTER PYCELLE: Well, um...I would say Ser Gerold Hightower had a seat on the Mad King’s council. Of course, that was the Mad King. King Robert saw things differently.
JAIME pushes two chairs to the table. JAIME and CERSEI sit down. MAESTER PYCELLE keeps his mouth. The members of the Council look at JAIME and CERSEI.
CERSEI (to KEVAN): What about Myrcella’s death, Uncle? Do you consider the murder of your own blood a troublesome issue?
JAIME: The same women who murdered Myrcella have overthrown House Martell and taken control of Dorne. We've got a lot to discuss. All of us together.
CERSEI: And seeing as you cannot make us leave, we best get on with it.
KEVAN: No, we cannot make you leave. And you cannot make us stay. Not unless you're gonna have that thing murder us all.
One by one, KEVAN LANNISTER, LADY OLENNA and MACE TYRELL leave the room. MAESTER PYCELLE picks up his paperwork and shuffles slowly. He then runs out of the door when SER GREGOR looks at him threateningly. JAIME, CERSEI and SER GREGOR are left alone in the room.
The HIGH SPARROW is praying. TOMMEN enters the room with his guards. The HIGH SPARROW stands up.
HIGH SPARROW: Oh, your Grace.
TOMMEN: My mother would like to see her daughter’s final resting place.
HIGH SPARROW: Oh, I'm, sorry, your Grace. That’s not possible. Not yet.
TOMMEN: When will it be possible?
HIGH SPARROW: When she's fully atoned for her sins.
TOMMEN: You’ve cut off her hair and marched her naked through the streets in front of the whole city. That wasn’t a full atonement?
HIGH SPARROW: No. She must stand trial before seven septons, so we can learn the true extant of her sins.
TOMMEN: I want you to let her see Myrcella’s resting place.
Several Faith Militant gather behind the HIGH SPARROW.
TOMMEN: I am the king.
HIGH SPARROW: You are.
TOMMEN: And what does that mean to you?
HIGH SPARROW: It means a great deal to me. The crown and the faith are the twin pillars of the world. Do you know who told me that? Your mother.
TOMMEN walks closer to the HIGH SPARROW. He guards tense.
TOMMEN: My mother who is unclean? My mother who still needs to atone after all you’ve put her through?
The HIGH SPARROW signs that his guards need to leave. They leave. TOMMEN puts his hand in the air and points to his guards. They leave. HIGH SPARROW closes the book lying on the table behind him.
HIGH SPARROW: How do you think the Mother Above first came to us? How did men and women first come to feel the Mother’s presence? It was through their own mothers. There is a great deal of falsehood in Cersei, you know that. But when she speaks of you, the Mother’s love outshines it all. Her love for you is more real than anything else in this world. Because it doesn’t come from this world. But you know that. You’ve felt it. You’ve seen her when she talks to you.
TOMMEN: Yes.
HIGH SPARROW: It’s a great gift. One I never had. Envy. One more thing for me to atone for.
HIGH SPARROW points to a bench in the room.
HIGH SPARROW: You Grace, may I? Do you mind? It's my knees.
TOMMEN: Of course.
HIGH SPARROW sighs and sits down.
HIGH SPARROW: When your mother made her walk of atonement, she did it to get back to you.
TOMMEN: I still don’t understand why you want to put her through any more than she's already endured.
HIGH SPARROW: It’s not what I want. It’s what the gods want. They make their will known to us and it’s up to us to either accept or reject it.
The HIGH SPARROW palms the seat next to him.
HIGH SPARROW: Please.
TOMMEN sits down next to him.
HIGH SPARROW: If we’re to be just and good, then we accept it, all of us, even kings. A true leader avails himself of the wisest council he can. And no one is wiser than the gods.
TOMMEN: My grandfather once said something similar. Except for the part about the gods.
HIGH SPARROW: The gods worked through him whether he knew it or not. As they work through your mother. There’s so much good in all of us. The best we can do is to help each other bring it out.
INT. HOUSE OF BLACK AND WHITE
The WAIF and ARYA are standing on a raised platform. The WAIF scrapes her staff on the floor around ARYA, then pushes the end of it against ARYA's head. ARYA turns around. The WAIF nudges her and she flinches. Cut to the WAIF and ARYA sitting on the ground across from each other.
WAIF: Who are you?
ARYA: No one.
The WAIF hits ARYA with a stick. ARYA falls on the ground but gets up.
WAIF: Who were you before you came here?
ARYA: Arya Stark.
Cut to ARYA and the WAIF on the combat platform.  ARYA tries to fight but the WAIF beats her. ARYA falls to the ground. Her mouth's bleeding. Cut back to the WAIF and ARYA sitting across from each other.
WAIF: Tell me about Arya Stark’s family.
ARYA: Her father was Eddard Stark. Her mother was Catelyn Stark. She had one sister, Sansa, and four brothers.
The WAIF corrects her with a whip of the stick. Cut to the fighting platform. The WAIF kicks ARYA's staff back into her grasp. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.
ARYA: Three brothers.
Cut back to the fighting platform. As ARYA speaks each of her brothers' names, the WAIF strikes her.
ARYA (V.O.): Rob, Bran, Rickon. And a half-brother, Jon.
WAIF: And where are they now?
Cut to ARYA standing in front of a small table. Several bowls are filled with powder. A glass bottle stands behind each bowel.
ARYA (V.O.): They may be dead for all a girl knows.
ARYA sniffs one of the bowls of powder, then recoils. She sniffs another bowl and wafts the scent with her hand. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.
WAIF: Tell me about The Hound.
Cut back to the fighting platform.
ARYA (V.O.): Also dead.
ARYA deflects several of the WAIF's blows, but is pushed to the edge of the platform and falls when the WAIF smacks her across the face with her staff.
ARYA: Arya Stark left him to die. He was on her list.
Cut to the pair sitting across from each other. The WAIF smacks ARYA with the stick.
ARYA: He was not on her list anymore. She’d taken him off it.
WAIF: Why? Didn’t she want him dead any longer?
Cut back to the power table.
ARYA: She did and she did not.
ARYA lifts a spoon of the powder to the jar behind it. The Faceless Man, taking on the form of JAQEN H'GHAR, looks on. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.
WAIF: She sounds confused.
ARYA: Yes, she was.
Cut back to the powder table. ARYA dumps the spoonful of powder in the bottle. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.
WAIF: Who else was on Arya Stark’s funny little list?
Cut back to the fighting platform. The WAIF beats down ARYA repeatedly until ARYA can no longer get up.
ARYA (V.O.): Cersei Lannister, Gregor Clegane, Walder Frey.
The WAIF walks away from ARYA, but stops when ARYA begins to stand up. The WAIF turns back to face ARYA.
WAIF: That’s a short list. That can’t be everyone you want to kill.
ARYA stands up and holds her staff out at the WAIF. Cut back to the pair sitting across from each other.
WAIF: Are you sure you’re not forgetting someone?
ARYA: Which name would you like a girl to speak?
Cut back to the fighting platform. ARYA and the WAIF exchange blows, but ARYA knocks back the WAIF. JAQN H'GHAR looks on.The WAIF returns with a heavy blow, but ARYA blocks it. The WAIF walks away. ARYA turns to face JAQEN H'GHAR.
ARYA is sitting in front of a fireplace. JAQEN is standing in front of the well in the center of the room.
JAQEN: If a girl tells me her name, I will give her eyes back.
ARYA: A girl has no name.
JAQEN: Come.
ARYA walks to the well. JAQEN gives ARYA a bowl of water. ARYA hesitates to drink it.
JAQEN: If a girl is truly no one, she has nothing to fear.
ARYA drinks the water. She closes her eyes. She slowly opens them to reveal the blindness has left them. She looks to JAQEN.
JAQEN: Who are you?
ARYA: No one.
EXT. NORTHERN WILDERNESS
A horse and carriage are toting a few members of House Umber towards Winterfell.
RAMSAY and LORD KARSTARK are seated at the dining table. A lady serves them drinks. SMALLJON is standing in front of them.
RAMSAY: The Umbers are a famously loyal house.
LORD KARSTARK: Famously loyal to the Starks.
SMALLJON: And you, Lord Karstark? Your people share blood with the Starks, don’t they?  But here we are. Times change.
RAMSAY: When my father became Warden of the North, your house refused to pledge their banners.
SMALLJON: Your father was a cunt.
RAMSAY: My beloved father, the Warden --
SMALLJON: Your father was a cunt and that’s why you killed him.  I might’ve done the same to my father, if he hadn’t have done me the favor of dying on his own.
RAMSAY: My father was poisoned by our enemies.
SMALLJON: Mmm.
RAMSAY: Why have you come to Winterfell, Lord Umber?
SMALLJON: The bastard Jon Snow led an army of wildlings past the Wall.  We’re farther north than any of you fuckers. Wildlings come down, we always have to fight them first.  I like fighting wildlings, been doing it all my life.  But there are too many of them for us to beat back alone.
RAMSAY: So now you’ve come seeking help?
SMALLJON: We need to help each other.  The colder it gets, the farther South those goat fuckers will roam. Won't take them long to get here.
LORD KARSTARK: You think a horde of wildlings can take Winterfell?
SMALLJON: If they get Jon Snow leading them, maybe.  He knows this place better than we ever will.
RAMSAY: Pledge your banners to House Bolton.  Swear loyalty to me as Warden of the North and we will fight together to destroy the bastard and all his wildling friends.
SMALLJON: I’m not kissing your fucking hand.
RAMSAY: Traditionally a bannerman kneels before his lord.
SMALLJON: I’m not doing that either.
RAMSAY: Why would I trust a man who won’t honor tradition?
SMALLJON: Your father honored tradition. Knelt for Robb Stark. Called him King of the North. Was Robb Stark right to trust your father?
RAMSAY: Then it appears we're at a bit of an impasse.
SMALLJON: Fuck kneeling and fuck oaths. I've got a gift for you.
RAMSAY: A girl, I hope. I prefer redheads.
Two hooded people are dragged into the hall.
SMALLJON: A girl, aye.  A wild one.
SMALLJON pulls the hood off one of the people, revealing OSHA. RAMSAY stands up.
RAMSAY: I like them wild.
SMALLJON: And the boy, nice and young. The way Karstark likes them.
LORD KARSTARK stands up. SMALLJON pulls the hood off the other person, revealing RICKON STARK.
RAMSAY: Who’s this?
SMALLJON: Rickon Stark.
RAMSAY: How do I know that’s Rickon Stark?
SMALLJOY retrieves the severed head of Rickon's direwolf SHAGGYDOG and places it on the table. RAMSAY examines the head, looks at SMALLJON, and then smiles at RICKON.
RAMSAY: Welcome home, Lord Stark.
INT. CASTLE BLACK – JON SNOW’S CHAMBER
JON SNOW is sitting by the fireplace. He is looking to the ground. Someone knocks on the door. DOLOROUS EDD walks in.
DOLOROUS EDD: It’s time.
JON SNOW gets up, drops his vest with the stab holes in it on the table, and grabs his sword Longclaw.
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK – COURTYARD
MELISANDRE is standing on a balcony overlooking the courtyard. TORMUND, DAVOS, the wildlings, and the Night's Watch are all in attendance. JON SNOW walks past them, going up the stairs towards the gallows. DOLOROUS EDD accompanies him. BOWEN MARSH, OTHELL YARWICK, ALLISER THORNE, and OLLY are standing on a platform with their hands tied and ropes around their necks. JON SNOW looks up at them.
JON SNOW: If you have any last words, now is the time.
BOWEN MARSH: You shouldn’t be alive. It’s not right.
JON SNOW: Neither was killing me.
OTHELL YARWICK: My mother's still living at White Harbor. Could you write her? Tell her I died fighting the wildings.
ALLISER THRONE: I had a choice, Lord Commander. Betray you or betray the Night’s Watch. You brought an army of wildlings into our lands. An army of muderers and raiders. If I had to do it all over knowing where I’d end up, I pray I’d make the right choice again.
JON SNOW: I’m sure you would, Ser Alliser.
ALLISER THRONE: I fought, I lost. Now I rest. But you, Lord Snow, you’ll be fighting their battles forever.
JON SNOW looks at OLLY. OLLY stares back at him, unwavering. JON SNOW turns his back and unsheathes Longclaw. He breathes heavily. JON SNOW cuts the rope. The platform is pulled out from under the traitors’ feet. They are hung. They choke and die. JON SNOW looks at OLLY again. OLLY's face is blue and swollen. JON SNOW sheathes his sword, then walks up to DOLOROUS EDD.
DOLOROUS EDD: We should burn the bodies.
JON SNOW: You should.
JON SNOW takes off his cape and hands it to DOLOROUS EDD.
DOLOROUS EDD: What do you want me to do with this?
JON SNOW: Wear it. Burn it. Whatever you want. You have Castle Black.
JON SNOW walks down the stairs.
JON SNOW: My watch is ended.
Everyone in attendance watches JON SNOW walk away.
CREDITS
Longclaw is lying on a table. DOLOROUS EDD lifts and admires it, then turns to JON SNOW who is putting some items in a bag.
DOLOROUS EDD: Where you gonna go?
JON SNOW: South.
DOLOROUS EDD: What are you gonna do?
JON SNOW: Get warm.
JON SNOW smiles. DOLOROUS EDD places Longclaw on the table.
DOLOROUS EDD: I was with you at Hardhome. We saw what’s out there. We know it’s coming here. How can you leave us now?
JON SNOW: I did everything I could. You know that.
DOLOROUS EDD: You swore a vow.
JON SNOW: Aye, I pledged my life to the Night’s Watch. I gave my life.
DOLOROUS EDD: For all nights to come.
JON SNOW: They killed me, Edd! My own brothers. You want me to stay here after that?
A single horn sounds outside. JON SNOW and DOLOROUS EDD look to the doorway.
MAN (O.S.): Riders approaching!
MAN #2 (O.S.): Open the gate!
The southern gates open. SANSA, BRIENNE, and PODRICK enter the courtyard on horseback. The Night’s Watch and the Wildlings all watfch them. TORMUND stares intently at BRIENNE. The trio dismount from their horses. JON SNOW and DOLOROUS EDD emerge onto a balcony overlooking the courtyard. SANSA slowly spins around until she and JON SNOW lock eyes. JON SNOW descends from the balcony and walks to SANSA. They stare at each other and then embrace.
JON SNOW and SANSA are sitting by the fire. SANSA lifts a bowl to her lips and drinks from it.
SANSA: This is good soup. Do you remember those kidney pies Old Nan used to make?
JON SNOW: With the peas and onions?
SANSA: Mmm.
JON SNOW: We never should have left Winterfell.
SANSA: Don’t you wish we could go back to the day we left? I want to scream at myself, “Don’t go, you idiot.”
JON SNOW: How could we know?
SANSA: I spent a lot of time thinking about what as ass I was to you. I wish I could change everything.
JON SNOW: We were children.
SANSA: I was awful, just admit it.
JON SNOW chuckles.
JON SNOW: You were occasionally awful. I’m sure I can’t have been great fun. Always sulking in the corner while the rest of you played.
SANSA: Can you forgive me?
JON SNOW: There’s nothing to forgive.
SANSA: Forgive me.
JON SNOW: All right. All right, I forgive you.
SANSA laughs, then holds out her hand for JON SNOW’s horn of ale. JON SNOW gives it to her. She sips, then coughs. JON SNOW laughs.
JON SNOW: You’d think after thousands of years, the Night’s Watch would have learned how to make a good ale.
SANSA: Where will you go?
JON SNOW: Where will we go? If I don’t watch over you, Father’s ghost will come back and murder me.
SANSA: Where will we go?
JON SNOW: I can’t stay here, not after what happened.
SANSA: There’s only one place we can go. Home.
JON SNOW: Should we tell the Boltons to pack up and leave?
SANSA: We’ll take it back from them.
JON SNOW: I don’t have an army.
SANSA: How many wildlings did you save?
JON SNOW: They didn’t come here to serve me.
SANSA: They owe you their lives.
SANSA stands and walks to a table. She places her bowl down on it.
SANSA: You think they’ll be safe here if Roose Bolton remains Warden of the North?
JON SNOW: Sansa.
SANSA: Winterfell is our home. It’s ours and Arya’s and Bran’s and Rickon’s. Wherever they are, it belongs to our family. We have to fight for it.
JON SNOW: I’m tired of fighting.
JON SNOW stands and turns to face SANSA.
JON SNOW: It’s all I’ve done since I left home. I’ve killed brothers of the Night’s Watch. I’ve killed wildlings. I’ve killed men that I admire. I hanged a boy younger than Bran. I fought and I lost.
SANSA: If we don’t take back the North, we’ll never be safe. I want you to help me. But I’ll do it myself if I have to.
MELISANDRE is looking out over the edge of the balcony. DAVOS approaches her.
DAVOS: My lady.
MELISANDRE: Ser Davos.
DAVOS: Will you stay here at Castle Black?
MELISANDRE: I will do as Jon Snow commands.
DAVOS: You serve Jon Snow now?
MELISANDRE: He’s the prince that was promised.
DAVOS: Forgive me, my lady, I thought that was Stannis.
MELISANDRE walks away from DAVOS and down into the courtyard. DAVOS follows her.
DAVOS: What happened down there?
MELISANDRE: There was a battle. Stannis was defeated.
MELISANDRE continues to walk away, but DAVOS grabs her arm to stop her.
DAVOS: And Shireen? What happened to the princess?
BRIENNE approaches.
BRIENNE:  I saw what happened. I saw Stannis’ forces defeated in the field.
DAVOS: My lady, I’m Ser Davos Seaworth.
BRIENNE: We’ve met before. I was Kingsguard to Renly Baratheon. Before Renly was assassinated with bloodmagic.
BRIENNE stares at MELISANDRE.
DAVOS: That’s in the past now.
BRIENNE: Yes, it’s in the past. It doesn’t mean I forget. Or forgive. He admitted it, you know.
DAVOS: Who did?
BRIENNE: Stannis. Just before I executed him.
BRIENNE walks away. MELISANDRE walks in the opposite direction. DAVOS stares at BRIENNE.
LITTLEFINGER (to ROBIN): The Defender of the Vale!
ROBIN: Uncle Petyr!
ROBIN drops the bow and arrow and runs to LITTLEFINGER. They embrace.
LITTLEFINGER: My lord. Come and see.
LITTLEFINGER ushers ROBIN to the rear of the carriage.
LITTLEFINGER: I missed your name day. Go on.
ROBIN and LITTLEFINGER pull a sheet from the back of the carriage, revealing a cage with a falcon inside. The falcon squawks. ROBIN gasps.
ROBIN: A falcon!
LITTLEFINGER: A gyrfalcon. The greatest and rarest of birds.
YOHN ROYCE: Last time I saw you, Baelish, you told me you were taking Sansa Stark home with you to the Fingers.
LITTLEFINGER: Indeed I was.
YOHN ROYCE: And yet not long ago, we received reports that she has been married to Ramsay Bolton in Winterfell.
LITTLEFINGER: On our way to the Fingers, we were set upon by a large force of Bolton men. Seemed to know exactly when we were traveling and exactly whom we were transporting.
YOHN ROYCE: Do you take me for a fool?
LITTLEFINGER: Tell me, Lord Royce, how many people knew of my travel plans with Sansa Stark? I shared my intentions with you and no one else.
The ensuing conversation momentarily distracts ROBIN from admiring the falcon. YOHN ROYCE approaches LITTLEFINGER slowly.
YOHN ROYCE: Slander a man in his own home, you might find yourself crossing swords with him.
LITTLEFINGER: Your home is the Vale. The Lord of the Vale stands before us. And only his judgment concerns me.
YOHN ROYCE looks to ROBIN.
ROBIN: Shall we throw him through the Moon Door?
The surrounding knights begin to approach YOHN ROYCE. YOHN ROYCE walks closer to ROBIN.
YOHN ROYCE: My lord. My lord, I have always been faithful to House Arryn. To your father, to your mother, and now to you.
ROBIN: Do you believe him, Uncle Petyr?
YOHN ROYCE turns back to look at LITTLEFINGER.
LITTLEFINGER: Lord Royce has served the Vale well. He;s enjoyed a distinguished military career. If we could trust his absolute loyalty, he would make a capable commander in the wars to come.
YOHN ROYCE turns back to ROBIN.
YOHN ROYCE: You can trust my absolute loyalty, my lord.
LITTLEFINGER: I think he deserves one more chance. What do you say?
ROBIN: Fine.
YOHN ROYCE bows and walks a few feet away from the engagement.
LITTLEFINGER (to ROBIN): I bring good news. My friends in the North tell me Sansa has escaped Winterfell. I expect she’s headed to Castle Black where her brother serves as Lord Commander. But she won’t be safe there, not with the Boltons after her.
ROBIN: She’s my cousin. We should help her.
LITTLEFINGER: That was my instinct as well.
LITTLEFINGER turns and walks towards YOHN ROYCE.
LITTLEFINGER: Our lord has spoken. Gather the Knights of the Vale. The time has come to join the fray.
GREY WORM: You invite the enemy into our city?
TYRION: I did. As a clever man once told me, “We make peace with our enemies, not our friends.”
TYRION begins walking away. The others follow.
GREY WORM: I don’t make peace with the queen’s enemies. I kill the queen’s enemies.
TYRION: Yes, that’s the military approach. And how has that worked here in Meereen? I represent the diplomatic approach.
TYRION and VARYS begin ascending the stairs to the Great Pyramid.
MISSANDEI: Our queen tried to make peace with the Masters and they tried to murder her.
TYRION and VARYS turn back to face MISSANDEI and GREY WORM.
TYRION We enter these negotiations with open eyes. Trust me. My own recent experience with slavery has taught me the horrors of that institution.
MISSANDEI: How many days were you a slave?
TYRION stammers.
TYRION: Long enough to know.
MISSANDEI: Not long enough to understand.
TYRION and VARYS proceed up the steps. MISSANDEI and GREY WORM follow.
TYRION, VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM are sitting in attendance to three masters, YEZZAN ZO QAGGAZ, RAZDAL MO ERAZ, and BELICHO PAENYMION.
YEZZAN: I bought this dwarf for a single gold honor. And somehow you’ve risen to the top of the Great Pyramid of Meereen. It’s most impressive.
TYRION: And now you speak for the Good Masters of Astapor.Here’s to reversals of fortune.
RAZDAL: We came here to meet the queen and instead we’re greeted by a dwarf and a eunuch.
TYRION: Let’s make this simple, shall we? Tell me what you want.
BELICHO: We want you to leave Slaver’s Bay. Take your dragons and your mercenaries and go.
TYRION: Queen Daenerys won’t stay in Meereen forever. Her path takes her westward.
RAZDAL: When we last met, I offered her ships so she could return to Westeros where she belongs. She refused them.
MISSANDEI: She refused them because hundreds of thousands of men, women, and children still lived in chains.
RAZDAL: As they have since the dawn of time.
GREY WORM: Not anymore.
YEZZAN: You think you’re a free man now? You still follow orders. Just because your master has silver hair and tits doesn’t mean she’s not a master.
TYRION: Friends, friends, friends, please.
GREY WORM stares intently at YEZZAN.
TYRION: There have always been those with wealth and power and those with nothing. That is the way of the world. I’m not here to change the way of the world.
YEZZAN: Slavery is the way of our world.
TYRION: You don’t need slaves to make money. There haven’t been slaves in Westeros for hundreds of years and I grew up richer than any of you. But our queen recognizes that she erred by abolishing slavery without providing a new system to replace it. So here is the queen’s proposal. Slavery will never return to Meereen but she will give the other cities of Slaver’s Bay time to adjust to the new order.
YEZZAN: What does that mean?
TYRION: Instead of abolishing slavery overnight, we will give you seven years to end the practice.
The masters look at each others.
TYRION: Slaveholders will be compensated for their losses, of course, at fair prices. In exchange, you will cut off your support for the Sons of the Harpy.
YEZZAN: We do not support the Sons of the Harpy.
TYRION: Fine, fine, but you will cut it off all the same. I do hope you accept, my friends. You will not receive a better offer.
TYRION picks up a bell from the table beside him and rings it.
TYRION: Let us sail on the tide of freedom instead of being drowned by it. And as a parting gift to our honored guests…
Three women enter. Each one sits in the lap of one of the masters.
TYRION: Give freedom a chance. See if it doesn’t taste every bit as good as what came before.
TYRION exits. VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM follow.
A group of commoner representatives are gathered together at the foot of the throne, whispering in Valyrian. TYRION, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM enter on the throne platform.
TYRION (speaking Valyrian): My friends! Large sorry...you wait so fat time.
MISSANDEI (to TYRION): Perhaps I should translate for you.
MAN #1: We speak the Common Tongue.
TYRION: Excellent.
MAN #2: You met with the slavers today.
TYRION: I did.
MAN #1: Our brothers and sister died fighting these scum. Now you invite them to our city and drink wine with them.
TYRION: I imagine this room was built so the rulers could intimidate the ruled.
TYRION begins to descend the steps towards the men. MISSANDEI and GREY WORM follow.
TYRION: But I am not your ruler. I’m not the Breaker of Chains. I’m not the Unburnt. And I am certainly not the Mother of Dragons.
TYRION and company reach the bottom of the steps so they are face to face with the men.
MAN #1: You are a stranger here. So why do you represent Meereen in these talks with our enemies?
TYRION: Because our queen chose me as her advisor. Until she returns from her travels --
MAN #2: When does she return?
TYRION: Soon. You have my word.
MAN #1: We don’t know you. We don’t trust you. We know Torgo Nudho. We fight with him against the Masters. We trust him.
TYRION: And that is exactly why Grey Worm took part in these negotiations. As commander of the Unsullied, he knows hot to defeat the slavers and he knows when it is time to make peace.
MAN #2: You have made peace with the slavers?
TYRION: We offered terms.
MAN #1 (speaking Valyrian): And you, Grey Worm? You want to drink wine with these men? The men who tore us from our mothers’ arms and sold us at auction like cattle?
MAN #2 (speaking Valyrian): Missandei, you know what these men are. How can you trust them?
MISSANDEI (speaking Valyrian): I do not trust them. I will never trust them.
MISSANDEI pauses and looks at TYRION.
MISSANDEI (speaking Valyrian): But as a wise man once said, “We make peace with our enemies, not our friends.”
TYRION smiles.
TYRION, GREY WORM, and MISSANDEI are walking together.
GREY WORM: Do not use me for your lies.
TYRION: Those men respect you.
GREY WORM: They respect me because they know who I am. They know I am loyal.
TYRION: As do I.
GREY WORM: I am loyal to my queen, not you. If you betray her work, you are my enemy.
TYRION: I am not betraying her work. I am trying to save her city.
MISSANDEI: You promised the slavers they could keep slavery.
TYRION: For a short time.
MISSANDEI: Seven years is not a short time for a slave.
TYRION: You’re right. Slavery is a horror that should be ended at once. War is a horror that should be ended at once. I can’t do both today.
GREY WORM: You are wrong to trust these men.
TYRION: I don’t trust the Masters. I trust their self-interest. They’re trustworthy if they’re convinced that working with me is in their self-interest.
GREY WORM: You don’t know them. You don’t understand them. We are not human in their eyes. They look at me and see a weapon. They look at her and see a whore.
TYRION: They look at me and they see a misshapen little beast. Their contempt is their weakness. They’ll underestimate us every time and we will use that to our advantage.
GREY WORM: You will not use them. They will use you. That is what they do.
JORAH and DAARIO are walking to the top of a mountain crag. JORAH lags behind and stops to catch his breath. DAARIO turns back to him.
DAARIO: You all right? Why don’t you sit and catch your breath?
JORAH: I’m fine.
DAARIO chuckles.
DAARIO: I don’t think you could ride the dragon. 20 years ago, maybe.
JORAH: What?
DAARIO: Our queen. She’s wild, you know. Don’t let her size fool you. It’s hard enough for me and I’m a young man. You, I don’t think your heart could take it.
JORAH stares at DAARIO for a few moments and then continues along the path.
DAARIO: Must make you angry that our queen chose me.
JORAH: Makes me sad. You’ll disappoint her before long. She’ll move on.
DAARIO: We’ll all disappoint her before long.
JORAH turns back to face DAARIO.
JORAH: We need each other right now. After we’re done needing each other --
DAARIO: Oh, I don’t want to fight you, Jorah the Andal. What do I have to gain? If I win, I’m the shit who killed an old man. If I lose, I’m the shit who was killed by an old man.
JORAH: You didn’t get much discipline as a child, did you?
DAARIO: None.
JORAH and DAARIO crawl to the edge of the ridge and look below. Vaes Dothrak sprawls across the valley floor.
JORAH: The road running through the Horse Gate, they call that the godsway.
JORAH points to the eastern division of Vaes Dothrak, and then to the western division.
JORAH: Eastern Market, Western Market. When Khal Drogo died, she was supposed to come here and join the Dosh Khaleen, the widows of the dead khals. That’s where they would have taken her, the Temple of the Dosh Khaleen.
JORAH stands and walks off to the side. He begins undoing his sword belt.
DAARIO: What are you doing?
JORAH: It’s forbidden to carry weapons in the sacred city.
DAARIO: Isn’t it forbidden to sneak into their city and steal their khaleesi?
JORAH: If they spot us and we’re unarmed, we’ll say we’re traders heading for the Western Market. But if they see weapons…
DAARIO: You’re asking a dog to hand over his teeth.
JORAH: There’s 100,000 of them down there. We can’t fight our way out. We wait till dark, and then we’ll find her.
DAARIO hands over his weapons, except for his dagger. JORAH holds his hand out for the dagger.
DARRIO: Uh…
DAARIO flips the knife around in his hand.
DAARIO: I’m very attached to this knife.
DAARIO kisses and strokes the knife, then motions to hand it to JORAH. He spots the patch of greyscale on JORAH’s arm through a hole in his sleeve. JORAH pinches the fabric of his sleeve together to cover up the greyscale.
JORAH: Don’t worry. it didn’t touch you.
DAARIO: You know what happens?
JORAH: I know what happens.
DAARIO gestures with the dagger.
DAARIO: I’ll do it myself.
JORAH walks to the side and stares into space.
Dothraki men and women are celebrating in the streets. JORAH and DAARIO are sneaking through the stables. They crouch down in front of a railing and see a Dothraki man and woman fornicating.
DAARIO: I should have been born a Dothraki.
JORAH and DAARIO sneak into an alleyway. They move through the alley, but spot two Dothraki men coming their way. JORAH grabs DAARIO.
JORAH: Come on.
JORAN and DAARIO walk out to greet the Dothraki men. They proceed to speak in Dothraki.
JORAH: My friends...We wandered off from the Western Market and got lost. Could you show us the way back?
DOTHRAKI #1: What do you sell?
JORAH: Wine. Come down to my stall tomorrow, I’ll give you a cask of the Arbor’s finest.
DOTHRAKI #1: You’re not merchants.
The Dothraki man inclines his head towards his fellow man.
DOTHRAKI #1: Get the others.
The second Dothraki man runs down the alleyway. DAARIO darts after him. JORAH swings at the first Dothraki man, but misses. The Dothraki man knees him in the face, knocking him to the ground. DAARIO continues to pursue the other Dothraki man. JORAH strikes his foe twice, but both are blocked. The Dothraki man strikes back with a punch to the face that sends JORAH sprawling. In the alley, just before the other Dothraki man reaches the common area, DAARIO grabs him from behind, places his hand over his mouth, and then snaps his neck. JORAH is rebuffed by his foe a third time. He attempts to throw sand in the Dothraki man’s face, but he dodges out of the way. JORAH climbs to his knees, but the Dothraki man grabs him by the throat and begins choking him. DAARIO stabs the Dothraki man from behind, killing him.
DAARIO: Told you, I’m very attached to this knife.
DAARIO tucks the dagger away in his shirt. JORAH climbs to his feet.
DAARIO: You all right?
JORAH: If they find a body with a stab wound, the whole city will be looking for us.
DAARIO grabs a large rock and smashes the dead Dothraki man with it several times.
DAARIO: Huh.
DAENERYS is sitting among the Dosh Khaleen. The women whisper among themselves, but the leader sits beside DAENERYS. They begin to speak in Dothraki.
LEADER: Some of them don’t think Dothraki should breed with foreigners. They are stupid old women. They don’t realize that we have always diluted our blood. This one is Lhazareen. Her Khal found her hiding in a well after he burned her village. How old were you?
LHAZAREEN WOMAN: Twelve.
LEADER: A year later, she bore her Khal a daughter. How did he show his happiness?
LHAZAREEN WOMAN: He broke my ribs.
LEADER: We are not queens here, but the khals depend on us for our wisdom. Our lives have meaning.
DAENERYS: That is more than most have.
LEADER: When the khals meet for the Khalar Vezhven tomorrow night, I hope they let you live out your days with us. The other possibilities are not so pleasant.
DAENERYS: I need to make water.
LEADER: You can’t run from Dothraki. You know this.
DAENERYS: I will never run from Dothraki.
LEADER (to LHAZAREEN WOMAN): Go, show her.
The Lhazareen woman takes DAENERYS outside the temple. They walk together.
DAENERYS: I needed fresh air. The old women stink.
LHAZAREEN WOMAN: They do stink.
DAENERYS: You must have been very young when your Khal died.
LHAZAREEN WOMAN: Sixteen.
DAENERYS: Too bad he didn’t die sooner.
DAENERYS and the Lhazareen woman smile at each other.
LHAZAREEN WOMAN: Yes, too bad.
The pair round a bend to a secluded desert outcropping.
LHAZAREEN WOMAN: Is it true you have three dragons?
DAENERYS: Mm-hmm.
LHAZAREEN WOMAN: And they breathe fire?
DAENERYS: They do. Would you like to see them one day?
LHAZAREEN WOMAN: I am Dosh Khaleen. I can never leave Vaes Dothrak, until I rise as smoke from the pyre on the day I die.
DAARIO grabs the Lhazareen woman from behind, covers her mouth, and places his dagger against her neck. JORAH is standing behind DAARIO.
DAENERYS: No, don’t hurt her.
DAARIO: She’ll give us away.
JORAH: We have to go now.
DAENERYS grabs DAARIO’s dagger-carrying hand, and he drops it away from the Lhazareen woman’s neck.
DAENERYS: We will never get out of Vaes Dothrak alive.
JORAH: All we can do is try.
DAENERYS: No. We can do more than that. And you’re going to help me.
DAENERYS looks at the Lhazareen woman.
DAENERYS (speaking Dothraki): And you...Have faith in me, Khaleesi. Do not betray me.
The Lhazareen woman nods. DAENERYS looks at DAARIO. DAARIO slowly removes his hand from her mouth.
INT. GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR CELLMARGAERY is sitting in the corner of her cell. SEPTA UNELLA enters, then guides MARGAERY out into the prayer room where the HIGH SPARROW waits. MARGAERY walks into the room and shields her eyes from the sunlight. SEPTA UNELLA pushes MARGAERY to her knees, then exits.
HIGH SPARROW: If I were to let you leave right now, where would you go? What would you seek out?
MARGAERY: I’d go to my brother, my husband, my family.
HIGH SPARROW: Of course, but for you, that means seeking out money, finery, power. Seeking out your family means seeking out sin. I’m not maligning you. I sought those things out, too. To the exclusion of all else. My father was a cobbler. He died with I was young and I took over his shop. He was a simple man and he made simple shoes. But I found that the more work I put into my shoes, the more people wanted them. Fine leather, ornamentation, detailing, and time. Time most of all. Dozens of hours spent on a single pair.
MARGAERY: Quality takes time.
HIGH SPARROW: Yes. I imagine you’ve worn a year of someone’s life on your back. The highborn liked to cover their feet with my time and they paid well for the privilege. I used their money to buy a taste of their lives for myself. Each time I indulged, I felt myself ascending to something better.
MARGAERY: And one day you walked through a graveyard and realized it was all for nothing and set out on the path to righteousness. Book of the Stranger, verse 25.
HIGH SPARROW: You know The Seven-Pointed Star.
MARGAERY: Septa Unella reads it to me. At me.
HIGH SPARROW: Yes, yes, she does enjoy reading at people. You’re close. But it wasn’t a graveyard. It was a feast. I bought old fine wine and young pretty girls and invited my friends to come share it all. We passed around the wine, passed around the women, and soon we fell into a stupor. I woke before dawn. I could barely stand. Everyone else was asleep on the couches or on the floor, lying in heaps next to their fine clothes. The truth of their bodies laid bare. I could smell them beneath the incense and the perfume and the fine food that had already started to turn. And I saw it with perfect clarity. I saw what my sins were. The gold I had, the wine I drank, the women I used, my ceaseless struggle to maintain my position. It was all part of a story. A story I was telling myself about who I was. A collection of lies that would disappear in the light. The people I was trying to climb away from, the beggars in the street, the poor, they were closer to the truth than I ever was.
MARGAERY: So what did you do?
HIGH SPARROW: I left to go and find them. I didn’t even put on my shoes. I walked out the door and never went back.
The HIGH SPARROW stands and extends his hand out to MARGAERY.
HIGH SPARROW: Come, let’s go and see him.
MARGAERY: Who?
HIGH SPARROW: Your brother.
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR – LORAS’ CELL
MARGAERY enters her brother’s cell. The door closes and locks behind her. Loras is lying on the floor.
MARGAERY: Loras. Loras.
MARGAERY helps LORAS to his knees. He cries.
MARGAERY: Listen to me. You need to stay strong.
LORAS: I can’t stay strong. I never was strong.
MARGAERY: You are strong. You are the future of our house, the future of our family.
LORAS: I don’t care about that.
LORAS: I just want it to stop. Help me.
MARGAERY: They want me to help you. They want me told help tear you down. That’s why he’s letting me see you, I know it is. And if either of us give in to what they want, then they win.
LORAS: Let them win. Just make it stop. Please.
LORAS begins sobbing. MARGAERY embraces him.
MARGAERY: All right.
CUT TO: RED KEEP – TOMMEN'S CHAMBER
CERSEI is walking down the hall to TOMMEN’s chamber. She hears MAESTER PYCELLE talking.
MAESTER PYCELLE: And now, how to avert disaster with our current predicament. This High Sparrow. I have dealt with fanatics of every description, Your Grace. Not setting them off, that’s the most important thing. You are beset with enemies both within and without.
CERSEI enters the room
CERSEI: What are you doing here?
MAESTER PYCELLE: I am advising the king on our current predicament.
CERSEi: Leave.
MAESTER PYCELL: I am a member of the Small Council. The king’s small --
CERSEI: Is this a Small Council meeting?
MAESTER PYCELL: Obviously not. I’m here to lend my wisdom and my support.
TOMMEN: Thank you for your counsel, Grand Maester. That will be all for now.
MAESTER PYCELL: Your Grace.
MAESTER PYCELLE hobbles towards the door. As he leaves, he flashes CERSEI a smile. CERSEI closes the door.
CERSEI: Since I’ve missed the past several Small Coucil meetings, I wanted to speak to you about a few things.
TOMMEN: I’ve been thinking about the High Sparrow.
CERSEI: As have we all, unfortunately.
TOMMEN: We need to be careful in dealing with such a man. To prevent things from escalating any further. We have to be careful not to antagonize him. He has Margaery. We can’t put her at risk. He’s dangerous.
CERSEI takes TOMMEN by the chin.
CERSEI: Look at me. What did they do to me? To the king’s own mother?
TOMMEN looks down.
CERSEI: It’s all right. It's done. It’s in the past. And of course Margaery’s safety is paramount.
TOMMEN: You don’t like Margaery, do you?
CERSEI: Whether I like her or not is completely unimportant. Margaery is the queen. Queens must command respect. Kings even more so. Not just for their own sake, but for everyone’s. The High Sparrow has no respect for kings or queens. No respect for anything in this world. He has no use for the things of this world. He want to knock them down and replace them with what? With fantasies. With beggars in the street. With nothing.
TOMMEN: Mother...there’s something I want to tell you. Something the High Sparrow told me.
CERSEI: You’ve spoken with him?
TOMMEN: I promised him I wouldn’t tell anyone. If he found out I told --
CERSEI: It would be a breach of confidence which he would not take lightly, given his constant prattling about the truth. I am your mother. You can always trust me.
CUT TO: RED KEEP – SMALL COUNCIL CHAMBER
KEVAN and LADY OLENNA are waiting in the Small Council chamber for the meeting to start. CERSEI and JAIME enter.
CERSEI: The Small Council meeting has been postponed on the king’s orders.
KEVIN and LADY OLENNA stand up.
LADY OLENNA: I would have thought we were perfectly clear the first time. You’re not welcome.
CERSEI: You once spoke of your respect for our father because he understood the necessity of working with one’s rivals.
LADY OLENNA: My dear, you have been stripped of your dignity and authority, publicly shamed, and confined to the Red Keep. What’s left to work with?
JAIME: Cersei is the mother of the king. She has the king’s ear and his trust. And the king has been speaking regularly with the High Sparrow about Queen Margaery and Ser Loras.
CERSEI: The High Sparrow seized power knowing full well we'd bicker amongst ourselves instead of seizing it back. Here we are. Well done to us. Now the future of the Seven Kingdoms rest in his dirty, peasant hands. In a few days, he’ll have a trial for me. But before that, Queen Margaery will make her walk of atonement. Yes, Margaery will repent her sins before the good people of the city.
LADY OLENNA: Oh, no. That cannot happen. That will not happen.
CERSEi: I agree.
JAIME (to KEVAN): You’ve got the second largest army in Westeros. You'll bring them into the city, stop queen Margaery’s humiliation before it starts, and take her back into Crown custody.
KEVAN:  The king has ordered me to take no action against the High Sparrow or the Faith Militant out of fear for the queen’s safety.
JAIME:  You’ll take no action at all. When the Tyrell armies come, you will stand down. Are you expressly forbidden from standing down?
KEVAN: No, but if the king should call on me --
JAIME:  The whole thing will be over before anyone can call on you to do anything. When the High Sparrow is in custody or dead, preferably, and Margaery's back at Tommen’s side, do you think the king will be angry at the outcome?
CERSEI: You hate these fanatics as much as we do. You hate what they’ve done to your son.  Do you want Lancel back or have you given him up for good?
KEVAN: Of course I want him back.
CERSEI: Then stand aside and let the people that took him from you be destroyed.
KEVAN: If it doesn’t go as planned, the Sparrows have many friends in the city. We’ll have civil war. Many will die.
LADY OLENNA: Many will die no matter what we do. Better them than us.
CUT TO: PYKE CASTLE – GREAT HALL
THEON enters. YARA is sitting by the fire.
YARA: They told me you were home and I didn’t believe it. “Theon Greyjoy?” I said. “He’s dead. He’s been dead a long time." He let you go?
THEON: I escaped.
YARA turns and looks at THEON.
YARA: I can’t hear you.
THEON: I escaped.
YARA stands up and then walks towards THEON.
YARA: Look at me. Look at me! Men died trying to rescue you. Good men. My men.
THEON: I’m sorry.
YARA: You were my brother. You’re a spoiled little cunt, but you were my brother and I risked everything for you and you betrayed me.
THEON: I know. I know and I’m sorry.
YARA: Stop saying that.
THEON: He broke me. He broke me into a thousand pieces.
YARA: I know.
THEON: You don’t know.
YARA: He send us one of those pieces. That’s why I came for you.
THEON sobs.
YARA: Why did you come here?
THEON: Where else could I go?
YARA: You heard father was dead and thought you’d claim the crown?
THEON: No, no. I only heard he died after we docked.
YARA: You happen to show up on Pyke right before the Kingsmoot?
THEON: I didn’t know.
YARA: You think any Ironborn wants you to be king? After what you’ve done?
THEON: I don’t want to be king.
YARA: What do you want?
THEON: I should’ve listened to you. You’re the only one --
YARA: That doesn’t matter anymore. Stop crying.  Look at me. Tell me what you want.
THEON: You should rule the Iron Islands. Let me help you.
INT. WINTERFELL – ROOM
RAMSAY peels an apple with a knife. The door opens. A guard ushers OSHA into the room. RAMSAY nods. The guard leaves and closes the door.
RAMSAY: They've cleaned you up nicely. You know who I am?
OSHA: A lord?
RAMSAY: Yes. A lord. You’ve seen my banners?
OSHA: The flayed man.
RAMSAY: Does that worry you at all?
OSHA: You eat them after?
RAMSAY: No.
OSHA: Then I’ve seen worse.
RAMSAY peels the skin of the apple and puts it on the table with the knife. OSHA looks at the knife.  RAMSAY waves for OSHA to come to him. She walks towards him.
RAMSAY: You served the Starks?
OSHA: Aye. They put me in chains and put a sword at my throat, so I’ve served them.
RAMSAY: The Starks have been gone for a long time, but you kept protecting Rickon.
OSHA:  He'd fetch a good price to the right buyer. I served his family a long time. Didn’t get no wages. Way I see it, I’m owed.
RAMSAY: Be that as it may, Rickon's not yours to sell anymore. He’s mine. So what use could I possibly have for you?
OSHA: I can give you what you want.
RAMSAY: Are you sure you know what that is?
OSHA comes closer and sits down on his lap. They kiss.
OSHA: Same thing men always want. And when they really want it, they give it a bath first.
OSHA slowly begins to reach for the knife on the table.
RAMSAY: You’re a good talker.
RAMSAY grabs OSHA by her hair and yanks her head back.
RAMSAY: I like that.
RAMSAY kisses OSHA'S neck. She reaches into his pants.
RAMSAY: You’re a much better talker than Theon Greyjoy.
OSHA: That so?
RAMSAY: I had to work hard to get him talking. But he talked. They all do.
OSHA's hand inches closer to the knife.
RAMSAY: He told me everything. All about the Stark boys. Who helped them escape, and how she did it.
OSHA gets up and tries to stab RAMSAY with the knife, but RAMSAY stabs her in the neck first. She falls on the ground, with blood running from her neck. She dies. RAMSAY cleans his knife and continues to peel the apple. He bites a piece.
EXT. CASTLE BLACK – COURTYARD
MAN: Open the gate!
The gate opens and a knight from the Bolton family enters.
CUT TO: CASTLE BLACK – MESS HALL
SANSA, JON SNOW, BRIENNE, TORMUND, and DOLOROUS EDD are eating at a table. SANSA looks at the meat on her fork. JON SNOW, DOLOROUS EDD, and TORMUND eat vigorously. BRIENNE looks around at the men eating. TORMUND stares intently at BRIENNE. BRIENNE looks away. TORMUND smiles. DOLOROUS EDD notices their interaction.
DOLOROUS EDD (to SANSA): Sorry about the food. It’s not what we’re known for.
SANSA: That’s all right. There are more important things.
A Night's Watchman enters the room and holds out a scroll to JON SNOW.
MAN: A letter for you, Lord Commander.
JON SNOW: I’m not Lord Commander anymore.
JON SNOW takes the letter. The man leaves. JON SNOW sees the seal of House Bolton. He opens the scroll and starts reading.
JON SNOW: "To the traitor and bastard Jon Snow. You allowed thousands of wildlings past the Wall. You have betrayed your own kind. You have betrayed the North. Winterfell is mine, bastard. Come and see. Your brother Rickon is in my dungeon.
JON SNOW looks at SANSA.
JON SNOW: His direwolf's skin is on my floor. Come and see. I want my bride back. Send her to me, bastard, and I will not trouble you or your wildling lovers. Keep her from me and I will ride north and slaughter every wildling man, woman, and babe living under your protection. You will watch as I skin them living. You --
SANSA: Go on.
JON SNOW: It's just more of the same.
JON SNOW puts the letter away, but SANSA takes it and continues reading.
SANSA: "You will watch as my soldiers take turns raping your sister. You will watch as my dogs your wild little brother. Then I will spoon your eyes from their sockets and let my dogs do the rest. Come and see. Ramsay Bolton, Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North.
JON SNOW: Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North.
SANSA: His father's dead. Ramsay killed him. And now he has Rickon.
JON SNOW: We don’t know that.
SANSA: Yes, we do.
TORMUND: How many men does he have in his army?
SANSA: I heard him say 5,000 once when he was talking about Stannis’s attack.
JON SNOW (to TORMUND): How many do you have?
TORMUND: That can march and fight? 2,000. The rest are children and old people.
SANSA (to JON SNOW): You're the son of the last true Warden of the North. Northern families are loyal. They’ll fight for you if you ask.
SANSA takes JON SNOW's hand.
SANSA: A monster has taken our home and our brother. We have to go back to Winterfell and save them both.
JON SNOW nods.
INT. VAES DOTHRAK – TEMPLE OF THE DOSH KHALEEN
All the khals are gathered in council. They speak in Dothraki.
KHAL MORO: It is forbidden to spill blood in the sacred city. It is forbidden to carry weapons in the sacred city.
KHAL #1: So we don’t spill blood.
KHAL MORO: Well… there’s always a little blood.
KHAL #1: Someone crushed his head with a rock.
KHAL MORO: Aggo belonged to my khalaser. He served me well. He got his head smashed in by a rock. Fuck Aggo.
KHAL #1 sits down.
KHAL MORO: Bring in Drogo’s widow.
DAENARYS enters, ushered by the Lhazareen woman and the leader of the Dosh Khaleen. The khals bow their heads.
KHAL #2: Who cares about her? She’s a midget.
KHAL #1: I like her.
KHAL #2: She’s paler than milk.
KHAL #3: I’d like to know what a khaleesi tastes like.
KHAL #1: Good. You can suck my dick.
The Khals laugh.
KHAL MORO: She belongs with the Dosh Khaleen.
KHAL #4: The Wise Masters of Yunkai want her. They’re offering ten thousand horses In exchange. What's worth more, one pink little girl or ten thousand horses?
KHAL MORO: Fuck the Wise Masters in their perfumed asses. I’ll take their horses for myself.
DAENERYS: Don’t you want to know what I think?
All the khals raise their heads and stare at DAENERYS
KHAL MORO: You’d rather be sold to slavery? Or maybe you’d like to show Rhalko here what you taste like?
DAENERYS: No. I don’t want either of those things.
KHAL MORO: We don’t care what you want. This is the Temple of the Dosh Khaleen. You have no voice here, unless you are Dosh Khaleen. Which you are not, until we decide you are.
DAENERYS: I know where I am. I have been here before. This is where the Dosh Khaleen pronounced my child the Stallion Who Mounts the World.
KHAL MORO: And what happened? You trusted a sorceress, like a fool. Your baby is dead because of you. And so is Khal Drogo.
DAENERYS: This is where Drogo promised to take his khalasar west to where the world ends. To ride wooden horses across the Black Salt Sea as no khal has done before. He promised to kill the men in their iron suits and tear down their stone houses. He swore to me before the Mother of Mountains.
KHAL MORO: And you were dumb enough to believe him?
DAENERYS: And here, now, what great matters do the Great Khals discuss? Which little villages you’ll raid, how many girls you’ll get to fuck, how many horses you’ll demand in tribute. You are small men. None of you are fit to lead the Dothraki. But I am. So I will.
The khals laugh.
KHAL MORO: All right. No Dosh Khaleen for you. Instead we’ll take turns fucking you. And then we’ll let our bloodriders fuck you.
KHAL MORO stands.
KHAL MORO: And If there’s anything left of you, we’ll give our horses a turn. You crazy cunt. Did you really think we would serve you?
DAENERYS lays her hand on a fire pit.
DAENERYS: You’re not going to serve. You’re going to die.
DAENERYS knocks down all the fire pits one by one. The khals cower away from the flame. The flame begins to cover the entire temple. The khals run to the door and try to escape, but the door has been barred. JORAH and DAARIO watch the temple burning from the outside. The Dothraki people gather around the burning temple. DAENERYS grabs the final fire pit and knocks it in KHAL MORO's direction. The fire engulfs the entire temple and kills all the khals. DAENERYS walks out of the fire, unharmed and naked. All the Dothraki bow to DAENERYS. JORAH and DAARIO walk up to the steps burning temple. JORAH bows to DAENERYS. DAARIO stares at her and then bows.
CREDITS
SANSA is knitting. There is a knock at the door.
SANSA: Yes?
A man of the Night’s Watch enters.
MAN: For you, my lady.
The man hands SANSA a scroll. It bears the mockingbird sigil of House Baelish. SANSA unrolls the scroll and reads it.
SANSA: How far is Mole’s Town?
LITTLEFINGER is standing in the center of the room. SANSA and BRIENNE enter. LITTLEFINGER turns to greet them.
LITTLEFINGER: Sansa. Lady Brienne. When I heard you had escaped WInterfell, I feared the worst. You have no idea how happy I am to see you unharmed.
SANSA: Unharmed? What are you doing here?
LITTLEFINGER: I rode north with the Knights of the Vale to come to your aid. They’re encamped at Moat Cailin as we speak.
SANSA: To come to my aid? Did you know about Ramsay? If you didn’t know, you’re an idiot. If you did know, you’re my enemy.
SANSA steps closer to LITTLEFINGER.
SANSA: Would you like to hear about our wedding night? He never hurt my face. He needed my face, the face of Ned Stark’s daughter. But the rest of me, he did what he liked with the rest of me as long as I could still give him an heir. What do you think he did?
LITTLEFINGER: I can’t begin to contemplate --
SANSA: What do you think he did to me?
BRIENNE: Lady Sansa asked you a question.
LITTLEFINGER: He beat you.
SANSA: Yes, he enjoyed that. What else do you think he did?
LITTLEFINGER: Sansa, I --
SANSA: What else?
LITTLEFINGER: Did he cut you?
SANSA: Maybe you did know about Ramsay all along.
LITTLEFINGER: I didn’t know.
SANSA: I thought you knew everyone’s secrets.
LITTLEFINGER: I made a mistake, a horrible mistake. I underestimated a stranger.
SANSA: The other things he did, ladies aren’t supposed to talk about those things, but I imagine brothel keepers talk about them all the time. I can still feel it. I don’t mean in my tender heart it still pains me so. I can still feel what he did in my body standing here right now.
LITTLEFINGER: I’m so sorry.
SANSA: You said you would protect me.
LITTLEFINGER: And I will. You must believe me when I tell you that I will.
SANSA: I don’t believe you anymore. I don’t need you anymore. You can’t protect me. You won’t even be able to protect yourself if I tell Brienne to cut you down. And why shouldn’t I?
LITTLEFINGER: Do you want me to beg for my life? If that’s what you want, I will. Whatever you ask that is in my power, I will do.
SANSA: What if I want you to die here and now?
LITTLEFINGER: Then I will die.
SANSA: You freed me from the monsters who murdered my family and you gave me to other monsters who murdered my family. Go back to Moat Cailin. My brother and I will take back the North on our own. I never want to see you again.
LITTLEFINGER: I would do anything to undo what’s been done to you. I know that I can’t. Will you allow me to say one more thing before I go? Your great-uncle Brynden the Blackfish has gathered what remains of the Tully forces and retaken Riverrun. You might consider seeking him out. The time may come when you need an army loyal to you.
SANSA: I have an army.
LITTLEFINGER: Your brother’s army.
LITTLEFINGER walks beside SANSA.
LITTLEFINGER: Half-brother.
LITTLEFINGER exits.
WAIF: You’re not ready. You should go home before it’s too late.
The WAIF begins to walk away. ARYA jumps to her feet. The WAIF turns around and drops her staff, then approaches ARYA. ARYA swings at the WAIF several times, but the WAIF dodges and redirects the blows. The WAIF kicks ARYA in her midsection, sending her off the platform. ARYA hops back on the platform and advances. The WAIF disarms ARYA and punches her multiple times, knocking her off the platform and onto the ground.
WAIF: You’ll never be one of us, Lady Stark.
The Faceless Man taking on the visage of JAQEN H’GHAR appears.
JAQEN: She has a point.
JAQEN walks away. ARYA follows. They enter the Hall of Faces.
JAQEN: None of the first Faceless Men were born to lords and ladies. They began as slaves in the mines of Valyria.
ARYA: Who was the first?
JAQEN: He was no one. The Many-Faced God taught him how to shed his face and how to give the gift. The man taught others in exchange for their service. Many served, many more gifts were given. Soon all the masters and overseers were gone and the Faceless Men fled.
ARYA: Where did they go?
JAQEN: Here. They founded the Free City of Braavos and built this house. These were the faces they wore in life when they were not wearing others. The first Faceless Men. And now a girl is one of them, if a girl desires.
ARYA: A girl has no desires.
JAQEN holds up a small bottle.
ARYA: Who?
ARYA takes the bottle.
JAQEN: An actress who calls herself Lady Crane. She performs at the theater in Sheelba Square. A girl has been given a second chance. There will not be a third. One way or another, a face will be added to the hall.
Actors are performing a play. An audience has gathered to watch. ARYA is among them. On stage, an actor named IZEMBARO dressed as ROBERT BARATHEON walks back and forth. Two prop men mirror his movements, carrying a tarp that displays a forest landscape. Another prop man carries a cut-out of a boar and rams it into the actor’s rear end. The sound man makes a farting noise.
IZEMBARO: Ahh!
ARYA laughs along with the crowd. The prop man strikes IZEMBARO with the boar prop again, this time in front. The actor recoils and the prop men replace the forest background with a black background.
IZEMBARO: Oh, murdered by a boar. The great big hairy whore. He dug in his tusks and dug out my guts and soon I am no more.
IZEMBARO produces an intestine prop from his garb. He staggers, but is supported by another actor, CLARENZO, portraying JOFFREY.
CLARENZO: Oh, come, Father, in bed you must lie. I love you, Father. Please don’t die.
IZEMBARO prop slaps CLARENZO. ARYA laughs with the crowd.
IZEMBARO: Shut up, you swine! Cersei, more wine.
The actor portraying Joffrey falls to his knees in the front of the stage. LADY CRANE, portraying CERSEI, appears on the stage and walks to him.
LADYC RANE: I feel the winds of winter as they lick across the land. And our son alone on that cold, cold throne without a guiding hand. Who will teach him strength? Who will teach him grace? To whom will he turn when it’s time to learn to look darkness in the face?
IZEMBARO: Ned stark will do fine. Now bring me more wine.
BOBONO, portraying TYRION, appears and fills his glass. CAMELLO, portraying NED, appears and adjusts his crotch.
CAMELLO: Ooh! Ooh, what’s happened here, then?
BOBONO: He brought you here, Ned Stark, ‘cause you’re the brightest fellow in the land. You should be king of us all and I should be your Hand.
CAMELLO: We men of the North are right good hands at keeping people lawful.
CAMELLO gestures to IZEMBARO.
CAMELLO: I’d ask him for permission, but he smells too bloody awful.
The crowd laughs. ARYA looks around at them. She does not laugh.
IZEMBARO: I die! I die! And here I now must lie. Oh, woe. Oh, no. Oh, I am about to go.
The sound man makes a farting noise.
LADY CRANE: Will you stay on as Joffrey’s Hand?
CAMELLO: The Iron Throne’s what I demand.
LADY CRANE: You cannot.
CAMELLO: I can.
LADY CRANE: You will not.
CAMELLO: I will.
LADY CRANE: You dare not.
CAMELLO: I dare yes.
LADY CRANE: The line of succession.
CAMELLO: What’s that mean?
LADY CRANE: The proper progression.
CAMELLO: What’s that mean?
LADY CRANE: The lawful ascension.
CAMELLO: What’s that mean?
The crowd laughs. Music plays. The crowd claps and cheers. The actors change scenes. CLARENZO is sitting on a cut-out of the Iron Throne. LADY CRANE and CAMELLO are standing next to him. BOBONO stands off to the side on a step stool.
CAMELLO: So move along, give me my chair and there won’t be no more trouble.
CLARENZO prop slaps CAMELLO. CAMELLO stumbles into the grasp of BOBONO, who sends him to his knees.
CAMELLO: But we had a deal all done and dusted.
Two prop men carrying spears lift CAMELLO to his feet.
CAMELLO: I’m starting to think you can’t be trusted.
The prop men usher CAMELLO offstage. As they change the scene, CLARENZO and LADY CRANE take center stage. LADY CRANE dons CLARENZO with a crown. In a new scene, CAMELLO is on a cut-out chopping block. CLARENZO and LADY CRANE stand to one side, and a prop man dressed as an executioner stands on the other. BIANCA, portraying Sansa, appears.
BIANCA: Save my father.
LADY CRANE: Truly you should. Killing the man will do you no good.
BIANCA: Save him, please.
LADY CRANE: Show him mercy. Show the people what a good king should be.
CLARENZO: Good people, you may all relax. My father’s friend shall be spared the —
The prop man portraying the executioner swings his axe. CAMELLO ducks behind the chopping block and tosses out a prop head.
BIANCA: Father! No! Oh, father.
BIANCA takes the prop head. The executioner prop man wrenches the head from her grasp and tosses it to the other prop men.
BOBONO: Worry not! All is well. I have here a decree from my father Tywin Lannister, the richest man you’ll see. He proclaims me Hand of the King. The position’s mine for life. And he’s give me permission to take Sansa as my wife.
He prop slaps CLARENZO in the face.
BOBONO: You’ll learn that what I lack in height I make up for in appetite.
He rips open her shirt, exposing her breasts.
BOBONO: So let’s forget about your plight, and go rehearse our wedding night.
CUT TO: BACKSTAGE
All the actors from the play are gathered together, taking a break and attending to their costumes. The director, IZEMBARO, joins them. CLARENZO is examining his penis.
CLARENZO: It’s a wart. Two warts. I’ve got two fucking warts on my cock.
CAMELLO: Well, don’t worry, love. They usually go away in five or six years.
CAMELLO approaches ARYA and tosses her his costume cloak.
CAMELLO: Oh, wash this, darling. It stinks of me.
IZEMBARO (to BIANCA): You can do better, Bianca, dear. You must do.
BIANCA: I had two lines.
IZEMBARO: There are no small parts. You rang very false.
BIANCA: I rang very false?
BOBONO: What you need, love, is for someone to ring you true.
BIANCA slaps BOBONO upside the head.
BIANCA (to IZEMBARO): You weren’t complaining about me last night.
BOBONO approaches LADY CRANE.
BOBONO: May I get you some wine, Lady Crane?
LADY CRANE: I’m a rum girl, Bobono. You need to know that if we’re going to be intimate.
BOBONO: Of course we’re going to be intimate.
LADY CRANE: It’s only a matter of time.
LADY CRANE uncorks her bottle of rum and pours herself a glass. The holds her drink up to BOBONO.
LADY CRANE: To our children.
BOBONO: May they have your talent.
LADY CRANE: And your filthy mind.
They clink their glasses together and drink.
JAQEN is washing a body. ARYA is standing by.
ARYA: A girl will poison the rum. Lady Crane is the only one who drinks it.
JAQEN looks at ARYA and nods.
ARYA: If a girl could use one of the faces from the hall…
JAQEN: A girl is not ready.
ARYA: She’s a good actress.
JAQEN: So a man has heard.
ARYA: Seems like a decent woman.
JAQEN: Does death only come for the wicked and leave the decent behind?
ARYA: No. Who wants her dead?
JAQEN: That does not matter. The price was paid.
ARYA: The younger actress. She’s jealous because Lady Crane is better.
JAQEN: A girl must decide if she wants to serve the Many-Faced God.
ARYA: A girl has decided.
JAQEN: A servant does not ask questions.
BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN are walking together. They approach a weirwood tree encircled by many stones. The stones form a spiral. A Child of the Forest runs between the stones. BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN follow her. They find a group of the Children crouching in a circle, whispering to each other. LEAF stands, carrying a shard of dragonglass. She approaches a man who is bound to the weirwood tree.
MAN: No! No! No!
LEAF slowly drives the shard into the man’s heart until it disappears inside his chest. The man’s eyes turn blue.
LEAF is watching BRAN. BRAN releases the root of the tree and wakes up from his vision.
BRAN: It was you. You made the White Walkers.
LEAF: We were at war. We were being slaughtered. Our sacred trees cut down. We needed to defend ourselves.
BRAN: From whom?
LEAF: From you. From men.
LEAF exits. BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN stare at each other.
AERON: We speak in the presence of the Drowned God. In his name we father today to choose a new king as our leader. Who makes a claim?
YARA walks out into the open.
YARA: I am Yara Greyjoy, daughter of Balon Greyjoy, King of the Iron Islands. I claim the Salt Throne.
MAN #1: We’ve never had a queen. Not once.
YARA: There are many things we’ve never done. We’ve never made our mark upon the world. The great lords of Westeros pay us no mind until our little raids buzz through their kingdoms long enough to become a nuisance. Then they swat us down. They conquer us, humiliate us, and go right back to forgetting we exist.
ALL: Aye!
YARA: We are a sea people.
ALL: Aye!
YARA: Our god is a sea god.
ALL: Aye!
YARA: When I am queen, we will build a fleet that —
MAN #2: You shall not be queen!
YARA: I am not finished!
MAN #2: Yes, you are! A woman will not lead us. Not when Balon’s own male heir has returned.
The man looks at THEON. THEON emerges from the crowd and turns to face them.
THEON: I am Theon Greyjoy...last living son of Balon Greyjoy.
THEON points at YARA.
THEON: And she is your rightful ruler. Those of you that have sailed under her, and there are many of you here, you know what she is.
ALL: Aye!
THEON: She is a reaver!
ALL: Aye!
THEON: She is a warrior!
ALL: Aye!
THEON: She is ironborn!
ALL: Aye!
THEON: We will find no better leader. This is our queen.
THEON and YARA stare at each other. The men cheer and chant YARA’s name.
EURON: I’m Euron Greyjoy.
The men fall silent. EURON appears and walks through the crowd towards YARA and THEON.
EURON: I claim the Salt Throne.
EURON emerges from the crowd and stands before YARA and THEON. He looks at YARA.
EURON: Niece.
EURON looks at THEON and then walks up to him.
EURON: Nephew. Little Theon.
EURON pats THEON on the cheek, then turns to face the crowd.
EURON: Heard you managed to fuck things right into the ground. Captured a castle you couldn’t keep. Got yourself taken prisoner. Even heard you have no cock.
The Ironborn laugh. EURON points at YARA.
EURON: Explains why you think a woman can be king.
YARA: When did you return, Uncle?
EURON: A few days ago. I had some things to take care of. Long overdue.
YARA: I’m glad you’re here. Now I know what my first act as queen will be. To execute the man who killed my father.
The men murmur to each other.
EURON: I did. I killed him. Threw him right over a rope bridge and watched him fall. He was leading us nowhere and we would still be heading there if it weren’t for me. No one loved him. No one wanted to follow him. He led ius into two wars we couldn’t win. I apologize to you all for not killing him years ago.
THEON: That would have been hard to do. You weren’t here. Last I heard, you were gallivanting around the world having a grand old time.
EURON: Gallivanting? That the sort of thing you start to say once your dick gets chopped off?
The Ironborn laugh.
EURON: Did the great lord of Westeros teach you words like that?
THEON: You were gone. Yara was here. Being Ironborn. Leading Ironborn. Getting ready to bring us back to glory.
EURON: And how will she do that?
YARA: I will build the largest fleet the world has ever seen.
EURON: Right idea, except I’m the one who’s going to build the Iron Fleet because I’m the one who knows how to use it. I’ve been all over the world. I’ve seen more of it than all of you combined. And across the sea there is a person who hates the great lords of Westeros just as much as we do. Someone with a large army, three large dragons, and no husband. I’m going to build that fleet and I’m going to gallivant right over and give it to Daenerys Targaryen along with my big cock.
The Ironborn laugh.
YARA: You’re going to seduce the Dragon Queen?
EURON: I’m not going to seduce her. The Iron Fleet will seduce her. And together we’re going to take the Seven Kingdoms. I wasn’t born to be king. I paid the iron price and here I stand.
The Ironborn cheer and chant EURON’s name. THEON and YARA exchange a glance.
Several Ironborn carrying flags stand on the shore. EURON is kneeling in the water. AERON pushes him underwater. Meanwhile, YARA, THEON, and some Ironborn run through a cave tunnel.
AERON: May Euron, your servant, be born again from the sea as you were. Bless him with salt. Bless him with stone. Bless him with steel.
THEON, YARA, and the men with them run out onto a beach and into awaiting rowboats.
AERSON: Listen to the waves. Listen to the god. He is speaking to us and he says we shall have no king but Euron Greyjoy. Let the sea wash your follies and your vanities away. Let the old Euron drown. Let his lungs fill with seawater.
EURON drowns.
AERON: Let the fish eat the scales off his eyes.
YARA, THEON, and the men board a large ship.
AERON: What is dead may never die, but rises again harder and stronger.
AERON releases his grip on EURON. Two Ironborn carrying EURON onto shore. AERON and the other Ironborn gathered in attendance all stare at EURON. EURON does not move.One man begins to walk closer to him. EURON gags and coughs. He props himself up on his arms and legs, then spits up water and gasps for air. AERON retrieves a crown made of driftwood and places it on EURON’s head.
AERON: What is dead may never die.
ALL: What is dead may never die.
The Ironborn cheer. EURON rises to his feet and looks around at the crowd.
EURON: Where are my niece and nephew? Let’s go murder them.
EURON leads AERON and the Ironborn up to a seaside cliff. They stare out at the ocean. A fleet of ships is sailing away from Pyke.
AERON: They stole our best ships.
EURON: Won’t be enough to save them.
EURON turns to face the Ironborn.
EURON: Go back to your homes. Chop down every tree you can find. Quarter-saw the timber and start building. I want every man bending planks. I want every woman spinning flax for sails. Build me a thousand ships and I will give you this world.
DAENERYS (to JORAH): I banished you twice. You came back twice. And you saved my life. So I can’t take you back and I can’t send you away.
DAENERYS approaches JORAH, but he recoils.
JORAH: You must send me away.
JORAH rolls up his sleeve to reveal the greyscale covering his forearm.
DAENERYS: Is there a cure?
JORAH: I don’t know.
DAENERYS: How long does it take?
JORAH: I don’t know that either. But I’ve seen what happens when it goes far enough. I’ll end things before that.
DAENERYS begins to cry.
DAENERYS: I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.
JORAH: Don’t be. All I’ve ever wanted was to serve you. Tyrion Lannister was right. I love you. I’ll always love you. Goodbye, Khaleesi.
JORAH begins to walk away.
DAENERYS: Do not walk away from your queen, Jorah the Andal.
JORAH turns back to face DAENERYS. She approaches him.
DAENERYS: You have not been dismissed. You pledged yourself to me. You swore to obey my commands for the rest of your life.
JORAH nods.
DAENERYS: Well, I command you to find the cure wherever it is in this world. I command you to heal yourself and then return to me. When I take the Seven Kingdoms, I need you by my side.
JORAH sits on a horse, watching DAENERYS and DAARIO lead the Dothraki horde out of Vaes Dothrak. He turns his horse around and starts off into the wilderness.
VARYS: In the last fortnight since our pact with the Masters, how many killings have been carried out by the Sons of the Harpy?
GREY WORM: None.
VARYS: And how many Masters have been butchered by the free men.
GREY WORM: Two, but that was the day of the pact. Since then, nothing.
VARYS: So it’s safe to say that a fragile peace has taken hold.
GREY WORM: For now.
VARYS: For now is the best we get in our profession.
TYRION: It’s not enough.
VARYS: Considering the city was on the brink of civil war, I’d say it’s a good start.
TYRION: It’s not enough for Meereen to have peace. They need to know Daenerys is responsible for it. The Sons of the Harpy have a good story. Resist the foreign invaders. Our queen has an even better story. Mother of Dragons, Breaker of Chains and...all that.
MISSANDEI: The people know who brought them freedom.
TYRION: Yes, but do they know who brought them security? Who brought about an end to the violence? We need someone the people trust, someone they know who cannot be bought or influenced.
VARYS: Sounds like quite the hero. Where would we find him?
TYRION: Who said anything about “him”?
TYRION and VARYS stand on the plateau above the audience chamber. A woman stans  at the bottom of the steps, and a man stand a few steps in front of her.
MAN (speaking Valyrian): You stand in the presence of Kinvara, High Priestess of the Red Temple of Volantis, the Flame of Truth, the Light of Wisdom, the First Servant of the Lord of Light.
The man steps aside. KINVARA walks up a few steps.
TYRION (speaking Valyrian): Welcome to Meereen.
KINVARA stops on the middle plateau.
TYRION: That’s about the extent of my Valyrian.
KINVARA says nothing.
TYRION: Thank you for travelling all this way. I know from personal experience how uncomfortable the journey can be.
TYRION looks at VARYS. KINVARA says nothing.
TYRION: The truth is we need your help. We had hoped that we could somehow persuade you to --
KINVARA: You don’t need to persuade me. I came to help.
KINVARA continues up the steps.
KINVARA: Daenerys Stormborn is the one who was promised. From the fire she was reborn to remake the world.
TYRION: Yes.
KINVARA: She has freed the slaves from their chains and crucified the Masters for their sins.
TYRION: She did indeed.
KINVARA: Her dragons are fire made flesh, a gift from the Lord of Light. But you heard all this before, haven’t you? On the Long Bridge of Volantis. The dragons will purify nonbelievers by the thousands, burning their sins and flesh away.
TYRION: Ideally we’d avoid purifying too many nonbelievers. The Mother of Dragons has followers of many different faiths.
KINVARA: You want your queen to be worshipped and obeyed. And while she’s gone, you want her advisors to be worshipped and obeyed.
TYRION: I’d settle for obeyed.
KINVARA: I will summon my most eloquent priests. They will spread the word. Daenerys has been sent to lead the people against the darkness in this war and in the great war still to come.
TYRION: That sounds most excellent --
VARYS: A man named Stannis Baratheon was anointed as the chosen one by one of your priestesses. He, too, had a glorious destiny. He attacked King’s Landing and was soundly defeated by the man standing beside me. Last I had heard, he’d been defeated again, this time at Winterfell and this time for good.
TYRION: We’d be most grateful for any support you could provide the queen.
VARYS: I suppose it’s hard for a fanatic to admit a mistake. Isn’t that the whole point of being a fanatic? You’re always right. Everything is the Lord’s will.
KINVARA: Everything is the Lord’s will. But men and women make mistakes. Even honest servants of the Lord.
VARYS: And you, an honest servant of the lord, why should I trust you to know any more than the priestess who counseled Stannis?
TYRION: My friend has a healthy skepticism of religion, but we are all loyal supporters of the queen.
VARYS nods. KINVARA takes two more steps. She is one step away from TYRION and VARYS.
KINVARA: Everyone is what they are and where they are for a reason. Terrible things happen for a reason. Take what happened to you, Lord Varys, when you were a child. If not for your mutilation at the hand of a second-rate sorcerer, you wouldn’t be here helping the Lord’s Chosen bring his light into the world. Knowledge has made you powerful. But there’s still so much you don’t know. Do you remember what you heard that night when the sorcerer tossed your parts in the fire? You heard a voice call out from the flames. Do you remember? Should I tell you what the voice said?
KINVARA approaches VARYS and places her hand on his arm.
KINVARA: Should I tell you the name of the one who spoke?
VARYS scrunches up his face and stares at KINVARA. KINVARA smiles.
KINVARA: We serve the same queen. If you are her true friend, you have nothing to fear from me.
KINVARA turns and walks back down the steps.
BRAN walks among the spiraling stones surrounding the weirwood tree from before, only now everything is covered in snow. He stares at the tree, then turns around. The army of the undead stands in attendance.
BRAN: What?
BRAN walks towards them, and then among their ranks. They do not react. He inspects several of them as he walks by. On the other side of the army, he finds the Night King and four White Walkers on horseback. The Night King stares at him. BRAN turns around to find the entire army of the undead staring at him. When he turns back around, the Night King is standing right behind him. He recoils, but the Night King grabs his forearm. He screams.
BRAN screams as he releases the tree root and the vision ends. MEERA jumps to her feet.
BRAN: He saw me, the Night King! He saw me!
THREE-EYED RAVEN: He touched you.
LEAF and another Child of the Forest enter.
BRAN: I don’t know. He was close, but --
THREE-EYED RAVEN: He touched you.
BRAN pulls back his sleeve. There is a handprint on his forearm.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: He knows you are here. He’ll come for you.
BRAN: But he can’t get in.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: He can now. His mark is on you. You must leave, all of you.
MEERA: Come on, Hodor. Help me with the sledge.
HODOR: Hodor.
BRAN: I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: The time has come.
BRAN: The time for what?
THREE-EYED RAVEN: For you to become me.
BRAN: But am I ready?
THREE-EYED RAVEN: No.
BRAN’s eyes turn white.
JON SNOW: We can’t defend the north from the Walkers and the south from the Boltons. If we want to survive, we need Winterfell, and to take Winterfell, we need more men.
DAVOS: Aside from the Starks and the Boltons, the most powerful houses in the North are the Umbers, the Karstarks, and the Manderlys.
DAVOS stands and moves some of the tokens to Winterfell.
DAVOS: The Umbers and the Karstarks have already declared for the Boltons, so we’re not doing so well there.
SANSA: The Umbers gave Rickon to our enemies. They can hang. But the Karstarks declared for Ramsay without knowing they had another choice.
DAVOS: I beg your pardon, my lady, but they know that a Stark beheaded their father. I don’t think we can count on them either.
SANSA: How well do you know the North, Ser Davos?
DAVOS: Precious little, my lady.
SANSA: My father always said Northerners are different. More loyal, more suspicious of outsiders.
DAVOS: They may well be loyal, but how many rose up against the Boltons when they betrayed your family? I may not know the North, but I know men. They’re more or less the same in any corner of the world and even the bravest of them don’t want to see their wives and children skinned for a lost cause. If Jon’s going to convince them to fight alongside him, they need to believe it’s a fight they can win.
SANSA: The North remembers. They remember the Stark name. People will still risk everything for it, from White Harbor to Ramsay’s own door.
DAVOS: I don’t doubt it. But Jon doesn’t have the Stark name.
SANSA: No, but I do.
JON SNOW stares at SANSA.
SANSA: Jon is every bit as much Ned Stark’s son as Ramsay is Roose Bolton’s. Ant there are also the Tullys. They’re not Northern, but they will back us against the Boltons without question.
DAVOS: I didn’t know the Tullys still had an army.
SANSA: My uncle the Blackfish has reformed it and retaken Riverrun.
JON SNOW: How do you know that?
SANSA: Ramsay received a raven before I escaped Winterfell.
DAVOS: That’s good. The Blackfish is a legend. His support would mean a great deal. Stark, Tully, a few more houses, almost starts to look like a winning side.
SANSA smiles.
BRIENNE follows SANSA down the stairs and along a walkway.
BRIENNE: I’ve sworn to protect you, my lady.
SANSA: You heard them. We need more men and my uncle has an army.
BRIENNE: We can send the Blackfish a raven.
SANSA: Can’t risk Ramsay intercepting it. It has to be you.
BRIENNE and SANSA enter SANSA’s chamber. BRIENNE closes the door behind them.
SANSA: Ride for Riverrun. My uncle will talk to you and you’ll know how to talk to him.
SANSA sits down on her bed.
SANSA: What is it?
BRIENNE: I don’t like leaving you here alone.
SANSA: With Jon?
BRIENNE: Not him. He seems trustworthy. A bit brooding, perhaps. I suppose that’s understandable, considering. The others, though. Davos and the Red Woman helped a man murder his own brother with blood magic. And when Stannis paid for his crime, where were they? Already out looking for a leader with better prospects. And that wildling fellow with the beard --
SANSA: Jon isn’t Tormund. Jon isn’t Davos, the Red Woman, or Stannis for that matter. Jon is Jon. He’s my brother. He’ll keep me safe. I trust him.
BRIENNE: Then why did you lie to him when he asked you how you learned about Riverrun?
Several men of the Night’s Watch are readying horses. JON SNOW stands beside them. MELISANDRE sits on her horse behind them. BRIENNE walks past. SANSA approaches JON SNOW, carrying a bundled cloak.
JON SNOW: New dress?
SANSA: I made it myself. Do you like it?
SANSA: Good, because I made this for you.
SANSA hands JON SNOW the cloak. JON SNOW looks at it. The direwolf sigil of House Stark is pressed into the leather straps.
SANSA: I made it like the one Father used to wear. As near as I can remember.
JON SNOW: Thank you, Sansa.
SANSA: You’re welcome.
SANSA walks away. BRIENNE is sitting on horseback beside TORMUND. TORMUND stares at her. She catches him staring and looks away. He grins. DOLOROUS EDD approaches JON SNOW, who is donning his new cloak.
JON SNOW: Don’t knock it down while I’m gone.
DOLOROUS EDD: I’ll do my best.
They embrace.
DOLOROUS EDD: Good luck.
JON SNOW walks to his horse and climbs atop it. He leads SANSA, MELISANDRE, PODRICK, BRIENNE, TORMUND, and the rest of the party out through the southern gates. A man of the Night’s Watch approaches DOLOROUS EDD, who is watching them leave.
MAN: Should we close the gate, Lord Commander?
DOLOROUS EDD: I’m not the Lord Comman --
The men of the Night’s Watch gather around DOLOROUS EDD.
DOLOROUS EDD: Yeah, ahem, close the bloody gate.
MEERA: We can go home now, Hodor. Well, maybe not home home, but somewhere that isn’t a cave.
HODOR chuckles.
HODOR: Hodor.
MEERA: Eat something that isn’t moss. I want an egg. How do you like ‘em? Boiled? Fried up with some butter?
HODOR laughs.
HODOR: Hodor.
MEERA: With a rasher of bacon and some blood sausage.
HODOR: Hodor.
MEERA notices she can see her breath. She looks at BRAN and then runs to the entrance of the cave. LEAF and the other Children of the Forest are gathered outside. Across the field, the Night King, three White Walkers, and the army of the dead are gathered. The Night King steps forward, kneels, and places his hand on the ground. A rift cracks through the ice all across the field and into the Great Weirwood Tree.
LEAF: Get Bran and run!
MEERA runs back into the cave, retrieving a sword on the way back. The Night King unsheathes his blade and leads the White Walkers and the army of the dead towards the Great Weirwood. Inside, MEERA runs to BRAN and shakes him.
MEERA: Bran. Bran, wake up. Bran.
HODOR sits in the corner, rocking back and forth.
HODOR: Hodor. Hodor.
MEERA: Bran, wake up.
BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN watch YOUNG NED and YOUNG BENJEN embrace. BRAN smiles.
MEERA hauls the sledge over to BRAN and tries to drag him onto it.
MEERA: Hodor.
HODOR: Hodor. Hodor.
MEERA: Help me!
Outside, LEAF and the Children of the Forest throw magic spheres at the army of the undead. The spheres explode upon contact, killing some of the wights. With one of the last bombs, LEAF lights a half-circle of flame in front of the entrance to the cave. She and the Children of the Forest run inside. The Night King and the White Walkers approach the flame. The flame parts to let them pass, then reforms. The army of the dead cannot pass through the flame. They go around it and climb the crag to the top of the Great Weirwood. Inside, MEERA places BRAN on the sledge.
BRAN and the THREE-EYED RAVEN continue to watch.
RICKARD (to YOUNG NED): Remember that you are a Stark. Comport yourself with dignity at the Vale and try to stay out of fights.
NAN walks over to YOUNG HODOR and takes his arm.
YOUNG NED: Yes, Father.
RICKARD takes YOUNG NED by the chin.
RICKARD: But if you have to fight, win.
MEERA continues shaking BRAN.
MEERA: Bran! Bran, wake up!
A wight falls through the ceiling. It advances on MEERA. MEERA grabs her sword and cuts it down. Another wight falls from the ceiling. MEERA recoils. SUMMER tackles it. MEERA drops her blade and returns to BRAN.
MEERA: Bran! Bran! Bran, wake up.
HODOR: Hodor. Hodor.
LEAF enters and runs up to BRAN and MEERA. A third wight falls from the ceiling, suspended upside down by its feet. LEAF rushes over to it and beheads it with her knife.
MEERA: You have to wake up. We need Hodor.
HODOR: Hodor. Hodor.
Another wight rushes, but LEAF shoots it with an arrow. A Child of the Forest enters to combat another wight, but the wight knocks her down and kills her. LEAF shoots it with an arrow.
HODOR: Hodor.
A number of wights begin piling in. LEAF and the Children of the Forest try to fight them off. One wight kills another Child of the Forest.
MEERA: Bran, we’re all going to die!
BRAN hears MEERA shouting at him from the other side.
MEERA (V.O.): Bran, wake up! We’re all going to die! Bran! Bran!
MEERA: Bran, you have to wake up! We need Hodor!
HODOR: Hodor. Hodor.
MEERA: Warg into Hodor now!
BRAN looks at YOUNG HODOR and NAN.
MEERA (V.O.): Bran, wake up. We need Hodor. We need Hodor. Warg into Hodor now! Now!
THREE-EYED RAVEN: Listen to your friend, Brandon.
HODOR (V.O.): Hodor. Hodor. Hodor. Hodor.
HODOR’s eyes flash white. More wights enter the cave. One of them kills another Child of the Forest. MEERA cuts it down. Another Child of the Forest  jumps forward and stabs another wight with a spear. HODOR stands and walks over to BRAN.  A White Walker enters. The spear-bearing Child of the Forest lunges at it and stabs it in the chest, but the blow has no effect. The White Walker pushes the spear aside and stabs the Child of the Forest, killing her. HODOR lifts the sledge with BRAN atop it. MEERA grabs a dragonglass spear and launches it into the White Walker’s neck. The White Walker shatters and dies. MEERA and LEAF follow HODOR towards the back entrance. SUMMER growls and bares his teeth at the wights entering the cave.
MEERA: Summer!
LEAF: Go. Go!
LEAF and MEERA run into the back tunnel. SUMMER attacks the wights. The wights encircle him and stab him to death. LEAF, MEERA, and HODOR hurry down the back tunnel. BRAN is still engaged in a vision on the sledge. A slew of wights pursues them. Back in the cave, the Night King enters and approaches the THREE-EYED RAVEN.
THREE-EYED RAVEN: The time has come. Leave me.
Back in the Great Weirwood tree, the Night King slashes the THREE-EYED RAVEN. The THREE-EYED RAVEN dissolves into a black mist in front of BRAN.
The undead army is advancing. LEAF stops running.
MEERA: What are you doing?
LEAF: Go!
LEAF turns to face the undead. She brandishes a magic bomb and primes it. The wights overtake her and knock her to the ground, stabbing her repeatedly. LEAF detonates the bomb, killing herself and the wights surrounding her. HODOR reaches the rear door. He puts down the sledge and begins ramming the door. More wights appear and begin advancing.
MEERA: Hodor, hurry!
HODOR heaves the door open and drags the sledge outside. He drops the sledge and returns to the door, holding it closed. MEERA lifts the sledge and begins dragging it away.
MEERA: Hold the door!
BRAN turns and stares at YOUNG HODOR, who stares back at him.
MEERA (V.O.): Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door!
YOUNG HODOR’s eyes turn white. He falls to the ground and convulses.
HODOR puts his weight against the door.
MEERA: Hold the door!
YOUNG HODOR continues convulsing.
MEERA (V.O.): Hold the door!
NAN: Wylis! What’s the matter?
NAN kneels down beside YOUNG HODOR. BRAN walks over to them.
MEERA (V.O.): Hold the door!
YOUNG HODOR: Hold the door!
In the present day, HODOR struggles against the door.
YOUNG HODOR: Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door!
The wights begin to break through the door. They clutch HODOR’s clothing and begin tearing at his flesh.
YOUNG HODOR: Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold the door! Hold door! Hold door! Hold door! Hold door! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor! Hodor!
TITLE SEQUENCEEXT. BEYOND THE WALLHeavy snow is falling. MEERA is dragging BRAN’s sledge through the forest. BRAN’s eyes are glazed white. He experiences many visions of the past all at once. MEERA staggers and falls against the base of a tree. She puts all her weight into pulling the sledge, but it does not budge. She begins crying and goes to BRAN, cradling his head. BRAN continues to have rapid fire visions, then sees a group of wights running through the woods. He wakes up from the visions and looks at MEERA.
BRAN: Meera. They found us.
MEERA looks out into the woods and sees the group of wights. She begins crying and embraces BRAN.
MEERA: I’m so sorry.
The wights converge on MEERA and BRAN. Moments before they reach them, a cloaked rider appears. The rider’s horse kicks one of the wights out of the way, then the rider extends a chain which lights on fire at the end. Two wights charge, and the rider hits them both with the chain, setting them on fire. A third wight tries to attack his horse, but the horse’s bulk rebuffs it into a tree and it crumbles. The rider plunges a chain-sickle into the chest of another wight, then rides forward, dragging the wight behind his horse. He sets another wight on fire with the chain, launching it into the air, and then approaches BRAN and MEERA.
RIDER: Come with me, now.
A large group of wights approaches.
RIDER: The dead don’t rest.
The rider leans down and hoists BRAN up onto his horse. MEERA takes the rider’s hand and joins them on the horse’s back. The three of them ride off into the forest with wights in pursuit.
EXT. ROAD TO HORN HILLSAM, GILLY, and LITTLE SAMare riding in a carriage escorted by several soldiers. GILLY looks out the window. SAM is holding LITTLE SAM.
GILLY: It’s so green.
SAM: Oh, yes. Once you get south of the Riverlands, very different sorts of trees start to take over. Maple, elm, beech, poplar. The odd willow. And of course now that summer’s over, you’ll start seeing the autumn colors coming in. Still, you’ll find more green here than anywhere else.
GILLY: You’re nervous. You’re a nervous talker.
SAM looks away.
GILLY: That’s not any better being a nervous mute.
SAM: I didn’t think I’d ever come back here after my father made me renounce my title and inheritance and, well, threaten to kill me if I didn’t. A person just doesn’t feel welcome at that point.
GILLY looks at LITTLE SAM.
SAM: And I certainly didn’t expect to be introducing him to my family. So you know what to tell them.
GILLY: That Little Sam is your baby.
SAM: Yes, now that’s very important. If he thinks that Little Sam is his grandchild, he’ll take you in. He’ll get an education. He’ll learn to read. And you can help teach him. Huh?
GILLY: What did you tell your family about me?
SAM: I told them I met you in the North.
GILLY: Did you tell them how far north?
SAM: Well, it wasn’t a very large piece of parchment.
GILLY: You didn’t tell them where I’m really from? You didn’t tell them I’m a wildling?
SAM: The thing is...my father doesn’t like wildlings. He hoped I’d make a man of myself by “killing some bloody wildlings,” so it’s probably a good subject to avoid if at all possible.
GILLY looks out the window.
GILLY: I think we’re here.
SAM looks out the window. The carriage is approaching the castle on Horn Hill.
A party of guests is lined up at the entrance to the castle courtyard. GILLY and SAM enter. GILLY is carrying LITTLE SAM. SAM’s mother, MELESS, and his sister, TALLA, descend a set of stairs and approach them.
MELESSA: Sam. Oh, Sam.
SAM and MELESSA embrace.
SAM: Oh, hello, Mother.
MELESSA: I never thought I’d see you again. You look wonderful.
SAM: Oh.
TALLA embraces SAM and he grunts.
SAM: Talla? Gods, you’re a woman now.
MELESSA: That’s enough, Talla.
SAM: Oh, um, Mother, this is Gilly.
GILLY bows her head and curtsies.
MELESSA: Oh, my. You are lovely.
GILLY: I am happy to know you, Lady Tarly.
SAM: Oh, and this, this is our son Samwell.
MELESSA and TALLA smile at each other. MELESSA approaches the baby and smiles.
MELESSA: Hello, little one. It’s me, your grandmother.
LITTLE SAM smiles and touches MELESSA’s face.
MELESSA: May I hold him?
GILLY: Yes, of course.
GILLY passes LITTLE SAM to MELESSA.
MELESSA (to LITTLE SAM): You have a curious mind, I can tell. You’ll be a scholar like your father.
SAM: Where is Father? And Dickon?
MELESSA: They’re on a hunt. They’ll join us for dinner. Come inside. Such a journey. You must be exhausted.
MELESSA passes LITTLE SAM back to GILLY. SAM and MELESSA proceed up the steps. TALLA takes GILLY’s arm and they follow.
TALLA: Come, you’ll be wanting a bath after all that travel. Oh, and a dress for dinner. You can wear one of mine. What’s your color? Midnight blue or silver? Silver, maybe. Come. You can choose one of my bedrooms if you want.
INT. GREAT SEPT OF BAELORTOMMEN and the HIGH SPARROW are standing in the central chamber. TOMMEN lights a candle.
TOMMEN: Is there no other way?
HIGH SPARROW: You’re afraid for her?
TOMMEN: Of course I’m afraid for her! It just seems very dangerous.
HIGH SPARROW: She’ll be protected the entire way. The Faith Militant are very stern with those who overstep their bounds. And Queen Margaery isn’t your mother. I suspect the gods will predispose the common people to gentleness on her behalf. She’s truly opened her heart to them.
TOMMEN: She’s always been very devoted to the poor and the unfortunate.
HIGH SPARROW: And now she’s devoted to the gods as well. Would you like to see her?
MARGAERY is sitting on a bench reading a book. The door opens. TOMMEN and the HIGH SPARROW are visible outside. TOMMEN enters and stares at MARGAERY. The HIGH SPARROW closes the door behind TOMMEN. MARGAERY sets down her book and stands. They embrace.
TOMMEN: Have they hurt you? Have they mistreated you?
MARGAERY: No, Your Grace.
TOMMEN: I’ve missed you. More than you could know.
MARGAERY: We’ll be together again soon and everything will be better than it was before.
MARGAERY: Have you spoken to him at all, the High Sparrow?
TOMMEN: Yes, a few times. Have you?
MARGAERY: Yes, I have. He’s not quite what we thought he was, is he?
TOMMEN scrunches up his face. MARGAERY chuckles and turns away.
MARGAERY: You think I’m mad. I sound mad.
MARGAERY: He is. There’s something about him. His way of looking at the world. It’s not an easy thing admitting to yourself what you really are. It’s taken me a while. He’s helped me.
TOMMEN: What are you talking about? You’re a good person. You’ve always been a good person. You’re the best person I know.
MARGAERY chuckles and retrieves her book from the bench.
TOMMEN: I was just telling him about your devotion to the poor.
MARGAERY: Ah, yes, I visited their hovels and I fed them soup and I made sure I was seen doing it. I never gave them what they really needed, though. I’ve had lots of time to think about how good I was at seeming good. All those stories I told myself about who I was and why I did the things I did. There were so many lies in those stories.
TOMMEN: I don’t understand.
MARGAERY rushes to TOMMEN and takes his hand.
MARGAERY: It’s all right. It really is. It’s such a relief to let go of those lies.
MARGAERY leads him to the bench and they sit down on it together.
TOMMEN: What about Loras?
MARGAERY: I love my brother. I will always love my brother. His soul is pure and perfect. His sins don’t erase that purity, they only obscure it. He just needs to atone for them. We all do. Sooner or later, one way or another. The gods have a plan for us all.
GILLY: It’s hard to walk in this.
SAM: It’s beautiful. You’re beautiful.
GILLY takes SAM’s arm and they walk down the hall together.
SAM, GILLY, MELESSA, TALLA, DICKON, and RANDYLL are sitting around the dinner table eating. RANDYLL takes a bite and stares at SAM. GILLY looks around at others using their utensils and mimics them. SAM looks at DICKON.
SAM: This venison, it’s very tasty. Is it from today’s hunt?
DICKON: Well, no. We haven’t been able to cure that one yet. This is last week’s.
SAM: Oh, of course. Sorry. Long journey.
DICKON: Brought it down from 70 yards. One shot.
SAM: Oh, that’s a fair distance.
DICKON: So do you do much hunting up at the wall?
SAM: Oh, yes. Yes. A good amount. North of the Wall, you don’t hunt, you don’t eat.
DICKON: Mm-hmmm. Mostly deer or is it elk as well?
MELESSA (to GILLY): I imagine it’s common where you’re from. We once met a man, Lord Umber from Last Hearth, wasn’t it, Randyll, who said he taught all his daughters how to hunt.
TALLA: Your father taught you to hunt? Our father would never teach us. I think our father could learn a thing or two from your father.
RANDYLL: That’s enough of that.
MELESSA: Samwell, would you care for more bread?
SAM: Oh, yes. Yes, please. Thank you, Mother.
A servant girl retrieves the basket of bread. She holds out the basket to SAM. SAM reaches for the bread.
RANDYLL: Not fat enough already?
SAM waves the servant away.
RANDYLL: I read your letter. You’re to be a maester.
SAM: Yes. And once I have my chain, I’ll return to Castle Black.
RANDYLL: I thought the Night’s Watch might make a man of you. Something resembling a man at least. You managed to stay soft and fat.
SAM puts down his utensils.
RANDYLL: Your nose buried in books. Spending your life reading about the achievements of better men. I’ll wager you still can’t sit a horse or wield a sword.
MELESSA: Randyll, to be maester of the Night’s Watch is a great honor.
GILLY: He can wield a sword. He killed a Thenn. He killed a White Walker.
DICKON laughs.
DICKON: There’s no such thing.
GILLY: I saw it with my own eyes on our way down to Castle Black. He drove a dagger into the walker’s heart. He risked his own life to save mine more than once. He’s a greater warrior than either of you will ever be.
RANDYLL: Your way down to Castle Black? Where did he kill a white walker? Where are you from? How’d you come to meet my son?
GILLY: The Night’s Watch came to our keep.
RANDYLL: Where?
SAM: Gilly.
GILLY: North of the Wall.
RANDYLL: North of the Wall? You’re a Wildling. The Seven Kingdoms have waged war against these savages for centuries and here I sit hosting one in my hall thanks to my son. See that sword?
RANDYLL points to a blade mounted on a mantle beside the table.
RANDYLL: It’s called Heartsbane. It’s been in our family for 500 years. It’s Valyrian steel. Only a handful of them left in the world. It’s supposed to go to my firstborn son after I die. To him. He will never wield that sword. If he were to become Lord Tarly of Horn Hill, it would be the end of this house. I took you for a Mole’s Town whore when I saw you and I made my peace with that. Who else would have him? But I overestimated him. No. It was a wildling whore that seduced my son. This you getting back at me, boy? Hmm? Bring that to my table and making me dine with it. And you got what you were after, didn’t you? A bastard. A half-breed bastard. Your invitation into our home.
MELESSA throws down her utensils and stands. She walks to GILLY.
MELESSA: Come, my dear. Talla.
TALLA and GILLY stand and begin to follow MELESSA out of the hall.
MELESSA: I’ve lost my appetite.
RANDYLL: He dishonors us.
MELESSA: You dishonor yourself.
RANDYLL (to SAM): Your mother’s a fine woman. You’re not worthy of her. To please her, I’ll take the wildling in. She can work in the kitchens. The bastard will be raised here. But this will be the last night you ever spend at Horn Hill.
GILLY is sitting at the foot of the bed. LITTLE SAM is in a crib beside her. SAM stands before them both. He hangs his head.
SAM: I’m sorry I let him treat you that way. I was afraid he’d turn you and Little Sam away.
GILLY: I’m not angry at you. I’m angry that horrible people can treat good people that way and get away with it. When do you have to go?
SAM: First light.
LITTLE SAM fusses and reaches for SAM. SAM takes his hand.
SAM: Say good-bye to him for me.
SAM starts off but GILLY stands and gets in his way. She places her hands on his chest and kisses him.
GILLY: You’re not what he thinks you are, Sam. He doesn’t know what you are.
SAM: Good-bye, Gilly.
SAM walks to the door. He turns back and stares at GILLY before closing the doors. GILLY looks around the guest chamber and then goes to LITTLE SAM. She pulls his blanket up higher and comforts him. SAM bursts back into the room.
GILLY: Sam?
SAM: We’re leaving.
GILLY: What?
SAM: Get your things.
GILLY: I don’t have any things.
SAM picks up LITTLE SAM.
GILLY: What are you doing?
SAM: We belong together. All of us.
SAM and GILLY walk briskly through the hall. GILLY is carrying LITTLE SAM.
GILLY: What about your mother and sister?
SAM: Oh, they’ll understand.
GILLY: Your sister’s dress.
SAM grabs a stool and carries it in front of the mantle hosting Heartsbane.
SAM: She won’t mind. Looks better on you anyway.
SAM climbs on top of the stool.
GILLY: Sam. That’s your father’s sword.
SAM lifts Heartsbane off the mantle. He groans and slides it into its scabbard.
SAM: It’s my family’s sword.
GILLY: Sam. Won’t he come for it?
SAM: He can bloody well try.
SAM hops down off the stool.
CLARENZO: The lion and the rose are one. I thank the gods above.
The actress portraying MARGAERY runs to CLARENZO.
CLARENZO: And to you, my beauteous bridge, I pledge undying love.
ALL: Hail King Joffrey. Hail Queen Margaery.
CLARENZO: I’ll drink a toast to my new queen, for there is no one fairer. Dear Uncle, will you share my joy and be my royal cupbearer?
BOBONO approaches CLARENZO and hands him a prop cup.
BOBONO: Drink long and deep, my noble king, from this cup of sweet wine.
CLARNEZO takes the prop cup and BOBONO walks to center stage, addressing the audience.
BOBONO: The last drink he shall ever take. And vengeance shall be mine.
BOBONO laughs and the audience boos. CLARENZO takes a sip from the prop cup, then gags and sputters. The audience gasps. He moves to center stage.
ARYA smiles and laughs in the crowd.
CLARENZO: I limp. And it was he…
CLARENZO points at BOBONO. BOBONO holds up a prop vial of poison. The audience gasps and boos.
CLARENZO: ...that poisoned me. My evil Uncle Imp.
BOBONO laughs and exits with BIANCA. The audience boos. CLARENZO collapses and LADY CRANE kneels down beside him. ARYA laughs. LADY CRANE cradles the head of the actor portraying JOFFREY.
LADY CRANE: My firstborn son. My golden lion foully, falsely slain. I pray you found a lasting peace free from strife and pain.
ARYA’s smile fades.
LADY CRANE: Hear my prayer, O cruel gods. Take my life instead. For I cannot face another day when my sweet boy is dead. Oh, woe. Oh grief.
ARYA notices BIANCA standing offstage. BIANCA is watching LADY CRANE’s performance and mouths her lines as she utters them.
LADY CRANE: Oh, darkest day, my heart is full of sorrow. All hope is lost. All joy is gone. And there is no tomorrow.
LADY CRANE kisses CLARENZO’s cheek and lays his head down. The audience claps. The actors clear out the stage and the prop men change the scene. BOBONO enters carrying a prop crossbow. IZEMBARO, portraying TYWIN, is sitting on a prop toilet.
BOBONO: What is that I hear and smell? Someone I’ll soon send to hell.
ARYA leaves the front row and moves through the crowd.
BOBONO: It’s time to see if truth they told who said Tywin Lannister shits gold.
BOBONO pretends to shoot IZEMBARO with the crossbow. IZEMBARO cries out.
IZEMBARO: You beast. You beast. You killed my wife and now you’ve taken your father’s life.
CUT TO: SHEELBA SQUARE BACKSTAGE
ARYA enters and walks further inward. On her way through the entrance hall, she sees the prop head the performers use for NED’s execution scene.
IZEMBARO (O.S.): No worse child ever stained this land.
CUT TO: SHEELBA SQUARE STAGE
IZEMBARO: Curse the day I named you.
IZEMBARO groans as though dying and turns to the side. The sound guy makes a farting noise.
BOBONO: My greatest crime. Now I must flee.
CUT TO: SHEELBA SQUARE BACKSTAGE
ARYA walks into the actor’s break room.
BOBONO (O.S.): Then sail across the Narrow Sea to do unto you more treachery.
ARYA draws the curtain and stares at LADY CRANE’s bottle of rum.
BOBONO (O.S.): Don’t fear the winter.
CUT TO: SHEELBA SQUARE STAGE
BOBONO: Fear me!
BOBONO shoots a prop arrow into the audience and laughs. The audience gasps and boos him offstage.
CUT TO: SHEELBA SQUARE BACKSTAGE
IZEMBARO (O.S.): Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Bianca, Clarenzo.
ARYA retrieves a vial of from her satchel. She uncorks LADY CRANE’s bottle of rum.
CUT TO: SHEELBA SQUARE STAGE
IZEMBARO, BIANCA, and CLARENZO stand center stage.
IZEMBARO: I give you Bobono.
BOBONO enters the stage and the audience boos.
IZEMBARO: I give you Camello.
CUT TO: SHEELBA SQUARE BACKSTAGE
ARYA pours the contents of the vial into LADY CRANE’s rum bottle and corks it.
IZEMBARO (O.S.): And last but not least, sweet Lady Crane.
On stage, LADY CRANE enters and bows. The crowd cheers wildly. AYRA hears the cheering. She tucks the away the vial, draws back the curtain, and exits the break room. The actors are all piling into the area. CAMELLO approaches ARYA in the entrance hallway and hands her his costume cloak.
CAMELLO: Give this a good beating. Shake those fleas out. That’s a dear.
IZEMBARO and BIANCA enter.
IZEMBARO (to BIANCA): That crowd was shit.
ARYA walks past them and puts down the cloak. She moves to leave. LADY CRANE enters and sees her.
LADY CRANE: Girl.
ARYA stops on the steps and looks at LADY CRANE.
LADY CRANE: What are you doing back here?
ARYA: Nothing.
LADY CRANE: I saw you the other day in the audience. How many times have you seen this stupid play?
ARYA: Three times.
LADY CRANE: Did you pay?
ARYA smiles.
ARYA: No.
ARYA walks off the steps to get out of the way of the prop men.
LADY CRANE: I remember when the players came to my village. I didn’t have any money, so I snuck in. Just like you. Saw the painted faces, the costumes, listened to the songs, cried when the young lovers died in each other’s arms. I ran off and joined them the next day, never looked back.
ARYA: You’re very good.
LADY CRANE: My final speech is shit.
LADY CRANE takes ARYA by the waist and ushers her towards the break room.
LADY CRANE: But to be fair to myself, which I always like to be, the writing’s no good.
They stop in a side corridor.
ARYA: So change it. It would all just be farting, belching, and slapping without you.
LADY CRANE: How would you change it?
ARYA: The queen loves her son more than anything. And he was taken from her before she could say good-bye. She wouldn’t just cry. She would be angry. She would want to kill the person who did this to her.
LADY CRANE: What’s your name?
ARYA: Mercy.
LADY CRANE: You have very expressive eyes, Mercy.
ARYA smiles.
LADY CRANE: Wonderful eyebrows. Do you like pretending to be other people?
ARYA: I have to go. My father’s waiting for me.
ARYA exits. LADY CRANE enter the break room. BIANCA takes off her wig and notices LADY CRANE.
BIANCA: Lady Crane, they loved you.
LADY CRANE removes her wig.
LADY CRANE: They were sweet. Or drunk. Drunkenly sweet.
IZEMBARO: No laugh for Ned’s death. These people are worse than animals.
IZEMBARO sips from a mug and gestures to LADY CRANE.
IZEMBARO: But they loved her. They all love her.
CAMELLO removes his wig and approaches LADY CRANE.
CAMELLO: Yes, you are adored by people and animals alike.
LADY CRANE: I do what I can with what I’m given.
IZEMBARO: With what you’re given?
IZEMBARO: Oh, we’re all thinkers now, are we?
IZEMBARO stands, slaps his chest, and walks closer to LADY CRANE.
IZEMBARO: Full to the tits with ideas.
IZEMBARO: You have ideas, I have ideas, he has ideas. Why should my ideas have any more value than yours simply because I’ve been doing this my whole life? Who is anyone to judge my work? This is my profession. I know what I’m doing.
IZEMBARO removes his wig.
IZEMBARO: You have no right to an opinion.
LADY CRANE brings a glass of rum to her lips. Just before she drinks, ARYA appears and slaps the glass out of her hands. Everyone in the room stares at ARYA. ARYA points at BIANCA.
ARYA: Careful of that one. She wants you dead.
ARYA exits. The WAIF is revealed to have been watching.
ARYA pulls the stones away from where she hid Needle. She pulls Needle from inside the rocks and stares at it.
JAQEN is cutting the face of a corpse. The WAIF enters.
JAQEN: And?
WAIF: As I expected.
JAQEN: A shame. A girl had many gifts.
JAQEN begins lifting the face off of the corpse.
WAIF: You promised me.
JAQEN: Don’t let her suffer.
The WAIF nods and exits. JAQEN pulls the face from the corpse.
CUT TO: UNKNOWN ALLEY
ARYA sets down a lit candle and brandishes Needle. She places Needle on the ground, sits down beside it, and blows out the candle.
EXT. KING’S LANDINGJAIME is wearing armor and sitting atop a horse. He watches as MACE TYRELL, also wearing armor, leads a force of many soldiers down the street. MACE stops in front of JAIME and the soldiers halt.
MACE: My lord.
JAIME: My lord.
MACE turns his horse to face the soldiers.
MACE: My friends, the hour has come. Madness has overtaken this city and grasped in its claws my children. But now we must drive it back under the rocks whence it came. Madness has had its day!
MACE turns his horse back the other way and nods at JAIME. JAIME nods back.
CAPTAIN: Forward, march!
The HIGH SPARROW is standing on the steps beside MARGAERY and SEPTA UNELLA.. They are surrounded by Faith Militant, including LANCEL. The HIGH SPARROW is addressing a large gathering of commoners who stand at the foot of the steps.
HIGH SPARROW: Rich or poor, noble or common, if we win, we must atone. Margaery of House Tyrell came to us a sinner. She stood before the gods in the holy sept and lied. She turned a blind eye to her brother’s sins. She disgraces her house, the king, and herself.
The crowd murmurs and parts. JAIME and MACE enter, leading the soldiers. MARGAERY gasps to herself. On the side, a smaller group of soldiers sets down a carriage. OLENNA steps out of the carriage.
CAPTAIN: Company, halt! Face front! Turn!
The soldiers form up and turn to face the steps.
HIGH SPARROW: Lord Tyrell.
MACE nods at the HIGH SPARROW.
HIGH SPARROW: Ser Jaime.
JAIME: Sorry to interrupt. We’re here for Queen Margaery and Ser Loras Tyrell. Give them to us and we’ll be on our way.
HIGH SPARROW: I don’t have the authority to give them to you. And you don’t have the authority to take them.
The crowd murmurs. JAIME ushers his horse forward and rides it up the steps. He halts in front of the Faith Militant.
CAPTAIN: Lock spears!
The soldiers grunt and point their spears towards the Faith Militant.
JAIME: I speak for King Tommen of House Baratheon, First of His Name.
HIGH SPARROW: The gods don’t recognize his authority in this matter.
JAIME: You already insulted one great house. It won’t happen twice. Every last sparrow will die before Margaery walks down that street.
HIGH SPARROW: To die in the service of the gods would please each and every one of us. We yearn for it. But there is no call for it today. There will be no walk of atonement.
The crowd murmurs. OLENNA motions to MACE with her fan. MACE motions to one of the high ranking soldiers, who nods to the Captain.
CAPTAIN: Order up!
The soldiers return to a relaxed position.
HIGH SPARROW: Queen Margaery has already atoned for her sins by bringing another into the true light of the Seven.
The doors to the Great Sept of Baelor open. TOMMEN emerges, accompanied by the Kingsguard. The crowd murmurs. JAIME looks back at OLENNA, who looks down. TOMMEN and the Kingsguard walk down the steps until TOMMEN stands beside MARGAERY. TOMMEN takes MARGAERY’s hand.
HIGH SPARROW: Together we announce a new age of harmony. A holy alliance between the Crown and the Faith.
The crowd cheers.
WOMAN: Long live King Tommen and bless you, Queen Margaery!
TOMMEN looks at JAIME. JAIME shakes his head. TOMMEN looks at the crowd.
TOMMEN: The crown and the faith are the twin pillars upon which the world rests. Together we will restore the Seven Kingdoms to glory.
The crowd cheers.
MACE (to OLENNA): What’s happening?
OLENNA: He’s beaten us. That’s what’s happening.
The HIGH SPARROW smiles at JAIME.
The room is lined with soldiers on either side. TOMMEN is sitting on the throne. KEVAN stands beside him. JAIME stands at the foot of the throne and removes his armor, letting it drop to the floor.
TOMMEN: When you attack the Faith, you attack the Crown. Anyone who attacks the Crown is unfit to serve as Lord Commander of the Kingsguard.
JAIME: I’ve been a member of the Kingsguard since before you were born. You don’t have to do this. You don’t have to do anything.
TOMMEN: I have to answer to the gods.
JAIME: Not when you’re sitting in that chair.
TOMMEN: The Crown’s decision on this matter is final.
JAIME: Will I be walking naked in the streets? Or will I spend a few months in the sept dungeons first to teach me about the gods’ mercy?
TOMMEN and KEVAN look at each other.
TOMMEN: You have served your house and your king faithfully for many years. And you will continue to do so. But not in this city.
WALDER: You’ve lost it?
BLACK WALDER: Yes, father.
WALDER: It’s a castle, not a bloody sheep. Presumably you still know where it is. You didn’t lose Riverrun. You let the Blackfish take it from you.
LOTHAR: He surprised us. He knows the castle better than anyone.
WALDER: You did lose the Blackfish after the Red Wedding. You had him right here in this hall and you let him leave. Then when I told you to hunt him down and kill him, you couldn’t find him. That’s what it means to lose something. Now he’s come back and taken Riverrun.
WALDER: For 300 years we kissed Tully boots, swore oaths to them and their stinking fish banners. Not again. Riverrun is ours. Take it back.
BLACK WALDER: We don’t have the men.
WALDER: We’ve got 10 times as many men as the damn Blackfish.
BLACK WALDER: The Mallisters have risen against us. And the Blackwoods.
LOTHAR: The Brotherhood Without Banners is rallying the commoners against us, raiding our supply trains and camps.
BLACK WALDER: Riverrun can withstand a siege for a year.
WALDER slaps his daughter on on the buttocks.
WALDER: If I want excuses, I’ll put her in charge. They’re laughing at us. All across the Riverlands right down to King’s Landing, they’re laughing at us.
WALDER stands. Many family members stare at him.
WALDER: I hear it in my sleep! I’m not dead yet, unfortunately for you. And I’ll not leave this world until they all choke on that laughter. Take that castle back.
LOTHAR: He’ll never yield, Father.
WALDER: Oh, he’ll yield.
WALDER nods at some servants at the rear of the hall. LOTHAR looks back at the servants. The servants exit. WALDER points first at LOTHAR and then at BLACK WALDER.
WALDER: You’ll show him the knife you used to kill Robb Stark’s child in his whore mother’s belly, and you’ll show him the knife you used to open his niece’s throat. And you’ll remind him who it was that got married at the Red Wedding in the first place. His nephew.
WALDER pulls his daughter into his lap. The servants return, ushering in a man bound in chains. They undo his chains. The man is EDMURE TULLY. EDMURE stares at WALDER.
WALDER: Cheer up, Lord Edmure. You’re going home.
JAIME: I’m being sent to deal with the Blackfish. Apparently Walder Frey can’t manage it on his own because he’s 400 years old. Sent me with an army to the Riverlands and a siege that could last months.
JAIME stands and paces.
CERSEI: BEtter you’re elsewhere at the head of an army than in the sept dungeons.
JAIME: I’m not going to the Riverlands.
JAIME pours himself a cup of wine.
CERSEI: What, then?
JAIME: I’m going to give Bronn the largest bag of gold anyone’s ever seen and have him gather the best killers he knows. I’ll take them to the sept and I’ll remove the High Sparrow’s head and every other sparrow head I can find.
CERSEI: You can’t.
JAIME: He has our son! He stole our son! He’s torn our family apart. How should we treat people who tear us apart?
CERSEI: We should treat them without mercy and we will. But if you kill the High Sparrow, you won’t leave the sept alive. And without you, this is all for nothing. Stand at the head of our army where you belong, where Father wanted you. Show our men where their loyalties belong. Show them what lannisters are, what we do to our enemies. And take that stupid little castle back because it’s ours and because you can.
JAIME: You’ll stand trial soon. I need to he here for you.
CERSEI: It will be a trial by combat. I have the Mountain. They’ve made us both stronger, all of them.
CERSEI stands and approaches JAIME.
CERSEI: They have no idea how strong we are. No idea what we’re going to do to them.
JAIME and CERSEI embrace and kiss. CERSEI whispers into JAIME’s ear.
CERSEI: We’ve always been together. We’ll always be together. We’re the only two people in the world.
They resume kissing.
EXT. BEYOND THE WALLMEERA, BRAN, and the rider are gathered around a campfire. The rider beheads a rabbit and begins draining its blood. MEERA watches him.
MEERA: Why did you help us?
The rider looks at MEERA from behind his face mask.
RIDER: The Three-Eyed Raven sent for me.
MEERA: The Three-Eyed Raven’s dead.
RIDER: Now he lives again.
BRAN startles as he comes out of a vision. MEERA goes to him.
RIDER (to BRAN): When I last saw you, you were a boy. A fearless boy. Loved to climb the castle walls, frighten his mother.
BRAN: Who are you?
The rider removes his hood and face mask. He is BENJEN STARK. His skin is gray and he has blemishes on his face.
BRAN: Uncle Benjen. The last letter Jon wrote me said you had been lost beyond the Wall.
BENJEN: I led a ranging party deep into the North to find White Walkers. They found us. A white walker stabbed me in the gut with a sword of ice. Left me there to die. To turn. The Children found me. Stopped the walker’s magic from taking hold.
BRAN: How?
BENJEN: The same way they made the Walkers in the first place. You saw it yourself.
BRAN: Dragonglass. A shard of dragonglass plunged into your heart.
BENJEN: You are the Three-Eyed Raven now.
BRAN: I didn’t have time to learn. I can’t control anything.
BENJEN stands and walks over to BRAN and MEERA.
BENJEN: You must learn to control it before the Night King comes.
BENJEN kneels beside BRAN and offers him a cup.
BENJEN: Drink.
BRAN takes the cup and drinks.
BENJEN: One way or another, he will find his way to the world of men. When he does, you will be there waiting for him. And you will be ready.
EXT. ESSOS ARID LANDSDAENERYS and DAARIO are leading the Dothraki horde on horseback. DAARIO shouts in Dothraki and raises his hand, halting the horde. DAENERYS stares at the face of a mountain crag in the distance.
DAARIO: Everything all right?
DAENERYS: How many days’ ride to Meereen?
DAARIO: A week at best.
DAENERYS: How many ships will I need to bring my khalasar to Westeros?
DAENERYS: And who has that many?
DAARIO: Nobody.
DAENERYS: Nobody yet.
DAARIO: So we ride for Meereen and after that we sail for Westeros. What then?
DAENERYS: I take what is mine.
DAARIO: You weren’t made to sit on a chair in a palance.
DAENERYS: What was I made for?
DAARIO: You’re a conqueror, Daenerys Stormborn.
The wind howls. DAENERYS stares beyond the mountain crag
DAENERYS: Wait here.
DAENERYS rides away from the horde and around the bend. Time passes. The Dothraki are growing antsy.
DAARIO (speaking Dothraki): I’m going after her. Wait for me here.
DAARIO starts off, but stops when a dragon’s roar erupts from the sky. The Dothraki look around. The shadow of a dragon appears on the mountainside. DROGON flies over the Dothraki horde with DAENERYS on its back. DROGON circles around and lands in front of the horde. He roars.
DAENERYS (speaking Dothraki):  Every khal who ever lived chose three blood riders to fight beside him and guard his way. But I am not a khal. I will not choose three blood riders. I choose you all.
The Dothraki cheer.
DAENERYS (speaking Dothraki): I will ask more of you than any khal has ever asked of his khalassar! Will you ride the wooden horses across the black salt sea?
The Dothraki cheer.
DAENERYS: Will you kill my enemies in their iron suits and tear down their stone houses?
The Dothraki cheer.
DAENERYS: Will you give me the Seven Kingdoms, the gift Khal Drogo promised me before the Mother of Mountains?
The Dothraki cheer.
DAENERYS: Are you with me?
The Dothraki continue to cheer.
DAENERYS: Now and always?
DROGON spreads his wings and roars.
CREDITS
MAN: That’s it. Get it to the top.
MAN #2: Steady. Steady.
BROTHER RAY is standing beneath the framing, addressing two men who are hoisting up a log.
RAY: Up she goes.
RAY turns to another man and slaps him on the back.
RAY: Hey, come on. Put your back into it, huh?
RAY walks a few paces away, grabs an ax, and lifts it up to a man standing on the church framing.
RAY: Here you are, son.
The man standing on the framing takes the ax. RAY turns to see two men carrying a log into the opening beneath the framing. He waves them in.
RAY: Oh, gentlemen, please.
RAY walks out from beneath the framing and addresses more men carrying logs.
RAY. And you lot, come on. Come on, get it moving. Come on, come on.
RAY hurries beneath one of the logs and laughs. He turns and looks up at the church framing, smiles, and nods. In a field a little ways off, more men are carrying larger logs towards the church framing. Four men carry each log. A man carrying one of these heavy logs by himself comes into view. He drops the log in front of the church framing and pants, then turns to look out over the landscape. The man is SANDOR CLEGANE, The Hound.
RAY: In all my days I’ve never seen a man swing an ax like that. How many men did it take to cut you down?
SANDOR: Just one.
RAY: Ooh. he must have been some kind of monster.
SANDOR sinks the ax into the log.
SANDOR: He was a woman.
RAY laughs. SANDOR continues chopping. RAY walks away.
CUT TO: BROTHER RAY’S ENCAMPMENT
A man standing beneath the church framing rings a bell. All of  the men rush down off the church framing and father at the food stations. The women divvy out food. RAY pours a cup of water and walks among the people. They are all sitting down on the ground and eating. SANDOR is sitting on a rock away from everyone else, eating. RAY approaches him from behind and hands him the cup of water. SANDOR takes it.
RAY: I think some of the men are a bit afraid of you.
SANDOR: I’m used to it.
SANDOR drinks the entire cup of water.
RAY: When I found you, I thought you’d been dead for days. The way you were stinking already and you had bugs all over you and bone was coming through right there.
RAY sits down next to SANDOR and points at SANDOR’s right knee.
RAY: I was gonna give you a proper burial and then you coughed. Oh, nearly shit myself. I reckoned you were gonna die by the time I loaded you on the wagon, but you didn’t. Now, I reckoned you’d die a dozen more times over the next few days, but you didn’t. What kept you going?
SANDOR pauses and stares ahead.
SANDOR: Hate.
SANDOR continues eating.
RAY: No, there’s a reason you’re still here.
SANDOR: Aye, there’s a reason. I’m a big fucker and I’m tough to kill.
RAY: No, a reason. Gods aren’t done with you yet.
SANDOR smiles. RAY stands and walks a few paces away from SANDOR, then turns to face him.
SANDOR: I’ve heard that before. Man was talking about a different god, though.
RAY: Well, maybe he was right. I don’t know much about the gods.
SANDOR: You’re in the wrong line of work.
RAY: Oh, there’s plenty of pious sons of bitches who think they know the word of god or gods. I don’t. I don’t even know their real names. Maybe it is the Seven. Or maybe it’s the old gods. Or maybe it’s the Lord of Light. Or maybe they’re all the same fucking thing. I don’t know. What matters, I believe, is that there’s something greater than us. And whatever it is, it’s got plans for Sandor Clegane.
SANDOR stops eating and stares up at RAY. RAY nods at him.
SANDOR: You didn’t know me back in my time. You don’t know the things I’ve done.
RAY: I’ve heard stories.
SANDOR: If the gods are real...why haven’t they punished me?
RAY: They have.
RAY walks away. SANDOR stares out across the fields.
HIGH SPARROW: Your Grace. What are we reading today?
MARGAERY: The Book of the Mother, Your Holiness. Chapter three, verse 12.
MARGAERY: “Smoothing what was jagged, so does a woman’s love calm a man’s brute nature. A wife salves her husband’s wounds, a mother sings her son to sleep.”
HIGH SPARROW: You learn quickly. There are some who know every verse of the sacred text, but don’t have a drop of the Mother’s mercy in their blood and savages who can’t read at all who understand the Father’s wisdom.
MARGAERY: For year I pretended to love the poor, the afflicted. I had pity for them, but I never loved them. They disgusted me.
HIGH SPARROW: They are hard to love.
The HIGH SPARROW sits down on a bench.
HIGH SPARROW: The poor disgust us because they are us, shorn of our illusions. They show us what we’d look like without our fine clothes. How’d we smell without perfume.
The HIGH SPARROW sighs.
HIGH SPARROW: Can I ask you about a personal matter?
MARGAERY: Of course.
MARGAERY sits on the bench beside the HIGH SPARROW.
HIGH SPARROW: The king mentioned that since your reunion, you haven’t joined him in the marriage bed.
MARGAERY: No.
HIGH SPARROW: You have a duty, Your Grace. To your husband, your king, your country, to the gods themselves.
MARGAERY: It’s just...the desires that once drove me no longer do.
HIGH SPARROW: Congress does not require desire on the woman’s part, only patience. The king must have an heir if we are to continue our good work.
MARGAERY: Forgive me. Sometimes the truth path is hard to find.
HIGH SPARROW: Hard to find and harder still to walk upon. But you’ve made great progress. I only pray your grandmother follows your lead.
The HIGH SPARROW stands.
MARGAERY: My grandmother?
HIGH SPARROW: Yes. The Queen of Thorns is a remarkable woman, a strong woman, and an unrepentant sinner. You must teach her the new way as she taught you the old. Or I fear for her safety, body and soul.
MARGAERY and OLENNA are sitting at a table. SEPTA UNELLA stands several feet away, watching them.
OLENNA: Does it move or talk? I want to speak with you alone.
MARGAERY: Septa Unella has been my true friend and counselor.
OLENNA stands.
OLENNA: Oh, this is madness!
OLENNA takes MARGAERY’s hand and leads her out onto the balcony to a different table. SEPTA UNELLA follows them out. MARGAERY sits at the table.
OLENNA (to SEPTA UNELLA): You’re not in your sanctuary now, my dear. All I have to do is whistle and my men will stroll in here and bash you about...
MARGAERY: Grandmother.
OLENNA: ...until I tell them to stop. If I tell them to stop. You could use a good bashing.
MARGAERY: Grandmother, please.
OLENNA sits across from MARGAERY.
OLENNA: What have they done to you?
MARGAERY: You marched against the High Sparrow, against the Faith.
OLENNA: We marched for you.
MARGAERY: The gods could have punished you and Father, but they didn’t. They showed mercy.
OLENNA: And what about your brother? What mercy did they show him?
MARGAERY: Loras’s only hope is to confess his crimes and repent. If he does, the Faith will allow him to return to Highgarden. He’ll have to renounce his name and title...
OLENNA: Have you lost your mind?
MARGAERY: ...and live his life as a penitent.
OLENNA: He is the heir to Highgarden, the future of House Tyrell.
MARGAERY: He can begin again.
OLENNA: As a mindless fanatic.
MARGAERY: As a free man.
OLENNA: You will leave for Highgarden today. There is no law that says you must stay here.
MARGAERY stands.
MARGAERY: I am the queen. It is my duty to serve my husband the king.
MARGAERY walks around the table and kneels before OLENNA. Her back is to SEPTA UNELLA.
MARGAERY: But you should leave, Grandmother. Your place is at home.
OLENNA: I will never leave you. Never.
MARGAERY: You must.
MARGAERY slips a piece of paper into OLENNA’s hand. MARGAERY’s eyes widen.
MARGAERY: Go home. Find comfort in prayer and good works.
MARGAERY stands.
MARGAERY: The Mother watches over us all.
OLENNA stands.
OLENNA: I’ll see you soon, my dear.
MARGAERY and OLENNA embrace. MARGAERY closes her eyes and then steps back.
MARGAERY: Seven blessings to you, Grandmother.
OLENNA nods and walks back into her chamber. MARGAERY stifles tears. She regains her composure and turns to face SEPTA UNELLA.
MARGAERY: Shall we pray?
OLENNA walks out onto the balcony and shuts the door behind her. She looks around and then unfolds the piece of paper MARGAERY placed in her hand and looks at it. There is a drawing of a rose on it. OLENNA looks up and smiles.
DIM DALBA: We said we’d fight with you, King Crow, when the time comes and we meant it, but this isn’t what we agreed to. These aren’t White Walkers. This isn’t an army of the dead. This isn’t our find.
TORMUND: If it weren’t for him, none of us would be here. All of you would be meat in the Night King’s army. And I’d be a pile of charred bones just like Mance.
DIM DALBA: Remember Mance’s camp? It stretched all the way to the horizon. And look at us now. Look what’s left of us. And if we lose this, we’re gone. Dozens of tribes, hundreds of generations. Be like we were never there at all. We’ll be the last of the free folk.
JON SNOW: That’s what’ll happen to you if we lose. The Boltons, the Karstarks, the Umbers, they know you’re here. They know that more than half of you are women and children. After they finish with me, they’ll come for you. You’re right. This isn’t your fight. You shouldn’t have to come to Winterfell with me. I shouldn’t be asking you. It’s not the deal we made. I need you with me if we’re gonna beat them, and we need to beat them if you’re going to survive.
TORMUND gestures to JON SNOW.
TORMUND: The crows killed him because he spoke for the free folk when no other southerners would. He died for us. If we are not willing to do the same for him, we’re cowards. And if that’s what we are, we deserve to be the last of the free folk.
WUN WUN stands.
WUN WUN: Snow.
WUN WUN walks away. DIM DALBA looks at the men around him. One of them nods. DIM DALBA walks up to JON SNOW and holds out his hand. JON takes it. DIM DALBA returns to his men.
JON SNOW (to TORMUND): Are you sure they’ll come?
TORMUND: We’re not clever like you southerners. When we say we’ll do something, we do it.
JON SNOW exhales.
CERSEI: I heard you were leaving King’s Landing.
OLENNA: That is hardly your concern.
CERSEI: Your grandson is still a prisoner. You’ll leave him rotting in a cell?
OLENNA: Loras rots in a cell because of you. THe High Sparrow rules this city because of you. Our two ancient houses face collapse because of you and your stupidity.
CERSEI: You’re right. I made a terrible mistake. I carry it with me every single day.
OLENNA: Good.
CERSEI: I delivered an army of fanatics onto our doorstep. And now we must fight them together. We need each other.
OLENNA: I wonder if you’re the worst person I’ve ever met. At a certain age, it’s hard to recall. But the truly vile do stand out through the years. Do you remember the way you smirked at me when my grandson and granddaughter were dragged off to their cells? I do. I’ll never forget it.
CERSEI: You love your granddaughter. I love my son. It’s the only truth I know. We must defend them.
OLENNA: I’m leaving this wretched city as fast as I can before that shoeless zealot throws me into one of his cells. If you’re half as bright as you think you are, you’ll find your way out of here, too.
CERSEI: Never. I’ll never leave my son.
OLENNA: What’ll you do, then? You have no support. Not anymore. Your brother’s gone. The High Sparrow saw to that. The rest of your family have abandoned you. The people despise you. You’re surrounded by enemies, thousands of them. You’re going to kill them all by yourself? You’ve lost, Cersei. It’s the only joy I can find in all this misery.
OLENNA goes back to writing.
MAN: Pick the pace up. Keep going.
MAN #2: Keep it moving!
BRONN: Now, that is a sorry attempt at a siege. Someone needs to teach those sad twats how to dig trenches.
JAIME: Someone certainly does.
JAIME looks at BRONN.
BRONN: Oh, no. Not me. I’m just an upjumped sellsword.
JAIME: You’re an anointed knight. There’s quite a difference.
BRONN: Aye, knights don’t get paid.
JAIME: You have better instincts than any officer in the Lannister army.
BRONN: That’s like saying I have a bigger cock than anyone in the Unsullied army.
JAIME: I expect to command all the Lannister forces before long. You can be the right hand I lost.
BRONN: You promised me a lordship and a castle and a highborn beauty for a wife.
BRONN: Don’t say it. Don’t fucking say it.
BRONN ushers his horse onwards.
JAIME and BRONN lead a group of Lannister soldiers through the encampment. Some Frey men gather around and stare at them. LOTHAR is standing at the foot of Riverrun, shouting up at the castle walls. BLACK WALDER is behind him, standing on a makeshift hangman’s platform. EDMURE is also on the platform with a noose around his neck. JAIME and BRONN watch them.
LOTHAR: Come out and fight us, Blackfish. Yield the castle or we’ll hang him.
BRYNDEN TULLY, the Blackfish, walks along Riverrun’s castle wall and comes to a stop in front of an arrowslit. He stares out at LOTHAR, BLACK WALDER, and EDMURE.
LOTHAR: This is your last warning. Yield the castle.
LOTHAR looks back at BLACK WALDER. BLACK WALDER takes the noose off of EDMURE’s neck and draws a knife.
BLACK WALDER: You think I won’t do it, old man?
BLACK WALDER holds the knife to EDMURE’s neck.
BLACK WALDER: I sliced your niece’s throat from ear to ear. And where were you? Running and hiding like a fucking coward. Yield the castle or I cut his throat.
BRYNDEN: Go on, then. Cut his throat.
BRYNDEN walks away. LOTHAR looks at BLACK WALDER and shrugs. BLACK WALDER takes the knife away from EDMURE’s neck. Some Frey men take EDMURE away. JAIME, BRONN, and the Lannister army advance towards LOTHAR and BLACK WALDER, and stop in front of them.
JAIME: Lothar, is it?
LOTHAR: Ser Jaime. We didn’t know you were coming.
JAIME: ‘Cause you didn’t set up a proper perimeter. You just allowed 8,000 men to approach unchallenged.
BRONN: Good thing we’re friends or we’d be fucking you in the ass right now.
JAIME: Have Lord Edmure bathed and fed.
BLACK WALDER waves at the Frey men escorting EDMURE.
BLACK WALDER: Whoa, whoa.
The Frey men stop walking. BLACK WALDER approaches JAIME.
LOTHAR: Walder.
LOTHAR puts his hand out to stop BLACK WALDER, but BLACK WALDER pushes him away. BLACK WALDER walks up to JAIME.
BLACK WALDER: Edmure is a prisoner of House Frey.
JAIME looks BLACK WALDER up and down.
JAIME: Only a fool makes threats he’s not prepared to carry out. Now let’s say I threatened to hit you unless you shut your mouth, but you kept talking. What do you think I’d do?
JAIME hits BLACK WALDER across the face with his gold hand. BLACK WALDER staggers back beside LOTHAR.
JAIME: I’m here by the king’s command to take back this castle. Have him bathed and fed. Unless you’d like to take his place.
LOTHAR: Apologies, Ser Jaime.
LOTHAR waves at the Frey men escorting EDMURE.
LOTHAR: Do as he says.
JAIME: The siege is now under my command. The next time the Blackfish looks out from those ramparts, he’ll see an army at his gates, not whatever this is.
BRONN: Have your lads start digging perimeter trenches. Set pickets every hundred yards. And work double-time on those siege towers and trebuchets.
JAIME: As I said, the siege is under my command. If that’s not to your liking, go home.
LOTHAR and BLACK WALDER walk away. BRONN walks up behind JAIME.
JAIME: Get word to the Blackfish. I want a parley.
BRONN: A parley or a fight?
JAIME: He’s an old man.
BRONN: You’ve got one hand. My money’s on the old boy.
EXT. BEAR ISLANDThe castle of House Mormont sits atop a high hill. Waterfalls pour out below. A bird screeches.
LYANNA MORMONT sits at a high table flanked by a commander and a maester. JON SNOW, SANSA, and DAVOS enter. Some guards close the doors behind them.
JON SNOW: Lady Mormont.
LYANNA: Welcome to Bear Island.
JON SNOW looks at SANSA.
SANSA: I remember when you were born, my lady. You were named for my Aunt Lyanna. It was said she was a great beauty. I’m sure you will be, too.
LYANNA: I doubt it. My mother wasn’t a great beauty or any other kind of beauty. She was a great warrior, though. She died fighting for your brother, Robb.
LYANNA: I think we’ve had enough small talk. What are you here?
LYANNA: I remember what it said. “Bear Island knows no king but the King in the North whose name is Stark.”
JON SNOW: Robb is gone, but House Stark is not. And it needs your support now more than ever. I’ve come with my sister to ask for House Mormont’s allegiance.
LYANNA leans towards her maester. They whisper to each other. LYANNA turns back to face JON SNOW.
LYANNA: As far as I understand, you’re a Snow and Lady Sansa is a Bolton. Or is she a Lannister? I’ve heard conflicting reports.
SANSA: I did what I had to do to survive, my lady. But I am a Stark. I will always be a Stark.
LYANNA: If you say so. In any case, you don’t just want my allegiance. You want my fighting men.
LYANNA: I understand that I’m responsible for Bear Island and all who live here. So why should I sacrifice one more Mormont life for someone else’s war?
JON SNOW and SANSA fall silent. DAVOS steps forward.
DAVOS: If it please, my lady, I understand how you feel.
LYANNA: I don’t know you, Ser…?
DAVOS: Davos, my lady, of House Seaworth.
LYANNA turns to her maester.
DAVOS: You needn’t ask your maester about my house. It’s rather new.
LYANNA settles back into her chair.
LYANNA: All right, Ser Davos of House Seaworth. How is it you understand how I feel?
DAVOS: You never thought you’d find yourself in your position. Being responsible for so many lives at such a young age. I never thought I’d be in my position. I was a crabber’s son, then I was a smuggler. And now I found myself addressing the lady of a great house in time of war. But I’m here because this isn’t someone else’s war. It’s our war.
LYANNA: Go on, Ser Davos.
DAVOS: Your uncle, Lord Commander Mormont, made that man his steward. He chose Jon to be his successor because he knew had the courage to do what was right, even if it meant giving his life. Because Jeor Mormont and Jon Snow both understood that the real war isn’t between a few squabbling houses. It’s between the living and the dead. And make no mistake, my lady, the dead are coming.
LYANNA: Is this true?
JON SNOW nods.
JON SNOW: Your uncle fought them at the Fist of the First Men. I fought them at Hardhome. We both lost.
DAVOS: As long as the Boltons hold Winterfell, the North is divided. And a divided North won’t stand a chance against the Night King. You want to protect your people, my lady. I understand. But there’s no hiding from this. We have to fight and we need to do it together.
LYANNA’s maester leans over to whisper in her ear, but she waves him away.
LYANNA: House Mormont has kept faith with House Stark for 1,000 years. We will not break faith today.
JON SNOW: Thank you, my lady. How many fighting men can we expect?
LYANNA leans to her military commander and they whisper to each other.
LYANNA: 62.
JON SNOW: 62?
LYANNA: We are not a large house, but we’re a proud one. And every man from Bear Island fights with the strength of 10 mainlanders.
DAVOS: If they’re half as ferocious as their lady, the Boltons are doomed.
LYANNA smiles and nods.
BRYNDEN: Kingslayer.
JAIME: Blackfish.
BRYNDEN: I assume you’re here to fulfill the vow you gave my niece. I don’t see Sansa and Arya.
JAIME: I don’t have them.
BRYNDEN: Pity. Do you wish to resume your captivity?
JAIME shakes his head.
BRYNDEN: Then why are you here?
BRYNDEN: Or you’ll kill Edmure?
BRYNDEN walks past JAIME.
BRYNDEN: My nephew’s marked for death no matter what. Hang him and be done with it.
JAIME: It won’t stop with Edmure. You’ll force me to storm the castle. Hundreds will die.
BRYNDEN: Hundreds of mine. Thousands of yours. If you can breach the walls.
JAIME positions himself beside BRYNDEN.
JAIME: We’ll breach them and kill every last one of you. But if you surrender, I’ll spare the lives of your men. On my honor.
BRYNDEN: Your honor? Bargaining with oathbreakers is like building on quicksand.
JAIME: The war is over, ser. Why sacrifice living men to a lost cause?
BRYNDEN turns to face JAIME and walks close to him.
BRYNDEN: As long as I’m standing, the war is not over. This is my home. I was born in this castle and I’m ready to die in it. So you can either attack or try to starve us out. We have enough provisions for two years. Do you have two years, Kingslayer?
BRYNDEN walks past JAIME and continues back across the drawbridge.
JAIME: You clearly have no intention of saving your men’s lives. Why did you come to treat with me?
BRYNDEN turns back to face JAIME.
BRYNDEN: Sieges are dull. And I wanted to see you in person, get the measure of you.
JAIME: Well, now you have.
BRYNDEN: Aye, now I have. I’m disappointed.
BRYNDEN turns around and walks back inside the castle. The drawbridge begins to close. JAIME scrunches up his face, turns around, and walks back across the bridge.
ROBETT: The answer is no.
JON SNOW: Lord Glover, if you could just hear us out.
ROBETT: I’ve heard enough. We’ve only just taken back this castle from the Ironborn. The Boltons helped us do it. Now you want me to fight against them? I could be skinned for even talking to you.
ROBETT: Have other northern houses pledged to fight for you?
JON SNOW: House Mormont.
ROBETT: And?
ROBETT: I don’t care about ravens. You’re asking me to join your army. Who is fighting in this army?
JON SNOW: The bulk of the force is made up of wildlings.
ROBETT laughs.
ROBETT: Then the rumors are true. I didn’t dare believe them. I received you out of respect for your father. Now I would like you to leave. House Glover will not abandon its ancestral home to fight alongside wildlings.
ROBETT turns around and heads up the stairs towards a door attended by his men.
JON SNOW: Lord Glover.
ROBETT: There’s nothing else to say.
SANSA: I would remind you that House Glover is pledged to House Stark. Sworn to answer when called upon.
JON SNOW glares at SANSA. ROBETT turns on his heel and walks up close to SANSA.
ROBETT: Yes, my family served House Stark for centuries. We wept when we heard of your father’s death. When my brother was lord of this castle, he answered Robb’s call and hailed him King in the North.
ROBETT gets closer to SANSA.
ROBETT: And where was King Robb when the Ironborn attacked this castle? When they threw my wife and children in prison and brutalized and killed our subjects? Taking up with a foreign whore. Getting himself and those who followed him killed.
ROBETT looks at JON SNOW and then back at SANSA.
ROBETT: I served House Stark once, but House Stark is dead.
ROBETT turns, climbs the stairs to the door, and walks through it. SANSA and JON SNOW look down.
Many Ironborn men are communing with prostitutes. THEON sits at a table alone, looking back at forth at them. YARA sits down at his table accompanied by a prostitute. She and the prostitute kiss at length. THEON does not look at them.
THEON: Why did we have to come here?
YARA: Some of us still like it. Have a drink at least.
THEON: I don’t want one.
YARA sighs and turns back to the prostitute..
YARA: Don’t go far, love.
YARA kisses the prostitutes breast.
YARA: I’ll find you in a bit.
The prostitute stands. YARA kisses her backside and then slaps it. The prostitute giggles and runs away. YARA laughs and grabs a drink.
YARA: Nothing on the Iron Islands has an ass like that. Doesn’t interest you anymore?
THEON scrunches up his face.
YARA: I’m sorry. I won’t joke about it. I’ll never hurt you, little brother. Don’t you know that?
YARA pours herself another drink.
THEON: You think Uncle Euron’s hunting for us?
YARA: Of course he is. As long as we’re alive, we’re a threat.
THEON: He’ll find us.
YARA: It’s a great big world and we have fast ships. Drink.
THEON: I don’t want any.
YARA: I don’t care what you want. Drink.
THEON takes a small sip of his drink.
YARA: Drink it all.
THEON drinks deeper.
YARA: You’re Ironborn, Theon. I know you’ve had some bad years.
THEON: Some bad years?
YARA: But I’m tired of watching you cower like a beat dog. Drink the goddamn ale.
THEON takes another deep drink.
YARA: Now listen to me. I need you. The real Theon Greyjoy, not this rat shit pretender. Can you find him for me? Drink.
THEON drinks more deeply..
YARA: You escaped, do you hear me? You got away and you’re never going back. We’ll get justice for you.
THEON: If I got justice, my burnt body would hang over the gates of Winterfell.
YARA: Fuck justice, then. We’ll get revenge. Drink.
THEON downs the rest of his ale. YARA moves closer to THEON.
YARA: Listen to me. If you’re so broken that there’s no coming back, take a knife and cut your wrists. End it. But if you’re staying, Theon, I need you. We’re gonna sail to Meereen. We’re gonna make a pact with this Dragon Queen. And we’re gonna take back the Iron Islands.
YARA places her hand on the back of THEON’s neck.
YARA: Are you with me? Are you really with me?
THEON slowly raises his head up and locks eyes with YARA. He nods. YARA smiles and kisses his forehead.
YARA: Now, since it’s my last night ashore for a long while, I’m gonna go fuck the tits off this one.
YARA stands, pats THEON on the back, walks over to the prostitute she was communing with earlier, and takes her hand. THEON stares blankly to the side.
DAVOS: Stannis camped here on his way to Winterfell.
SANSA: And that’s a good thing?
DAVOS: He was the most experienced commander in Westeros. He chose this place for a reason. Those mountains are a natural fortification. There’s a stream down there for the horses.
JON SNOW: We’re not staying here long. Another storm could hit any day..
DAVOS: Aye, the snows defeated Stannis as much as the Boltons did.
JON SNOW: We have to march on Winterfell now while we still can.
They all dismount their horses and begin walking side by side.
SANSA: 62 Mormonts.
DAVOS: It’s not what we’d hoped for. But we still have a chance if we’re careful and smart.
DAVOS spots two men fighting.
DAVOS: For fuck’s sake.
DAVOS hurries over to the men. JON SNOW and SANSA watch him go and then continue walking.
SANSA: So he’s your most trusted advisor now? Because he secured 62 men from a ten year old?
JON SNOW: Ser Davos is the reason I’m standing here talking to you and he served Stannis for years.
SANSA: Stannis who lost the Blackwater, who murdered his own brother, who doesn’t have a head?
SANSA stops walking. JON keeps walking a few paces and then turns to face her.
SANSA: It’s not enough. We need more men.
JON SNOW: There’s no time.
JON SNOW moves close to SANSA.
JON SNOW: We fight with the army we have.
JON SNOW looks over SANSA’s shoulder at DAVOS. He is standing in front of the fighting men, who are wrestling on the ground.
DAVOS: Friends, this is not worth fighting over!
JON SNOW walks past SANSA and away.
DAVOS: This’ll be it, now. Right now, we don’t need to be fighting.
One of the men gets in DAVOS’ face.
MAN: Who the fuck are you?
DAVOS: Hold on.
MAN #2: Yeah, who the fuck are you?
SANSA spies the maester of Bear Island handling some crates containing ravens. He holds up one of the crates to LYANNA MORMONT.
SANSA is writing a letter. She signs her name, pours wax, and presses the wax with the direwolf sigil of House Stark. She picks up the letter and rereads it, then stares ahead.
RAY: I was a soldier once. All my superiors thought I was brave. I wasn’t. I mean, I never ran from a fight. Only because I was afraid my friends would see I was afraid. That’s all I was, a coward. We followed orders no matter the orders. Burn that village. Fine, I’m your arsonist. Steal that farmer’s crops. Good, I’m your thief. Kill those young lads so they won’t take up arms against us. I’m your murderer. I remember once a woman screaming at us, calling us animals as we dragged her son from their hut. But we weren’t animals. Animals are true to their nature and we had betrayed ours. I cut that young boy’s throat myself as his mother screamed and my friends held her back.
RAY sits down on a stump next to one of the men and rests his arm on the man’s shoulder.
RAY: That night...I felt such shame. Shame was so heavy on me, I couldn’t eat, I couldn’t sleep.
SANDOR looks down.
RAY: All I could do was stare into that dark sky and listen to that mother screaming her son’s name. I’ll hear her screaming the rest of my life.
RAY stands and walks back to the center of the circle.
RAY: Now, I know I can never bring that lad back. All I can do with time I’ve got left is bring a little goodness into the world. That’s all any of us can do, isn’t it? Never too late to stop robbing people, to stop killing people. Start helping people.
RAY stares at SANDOR.
RAY: It’s never too late to come back.
SANDOR returns RAY’s gaze but is distracted by three horsemen coming up the way. RAY turns to look at them. SANDOR walks a few paces into the midst of RAY’s followers and stares at the riders.
RAY: And it’s not about waiting for the gods to answer your prayers. It’s not even about the gods. It’s about you. Learning you have to answer your prayers yourself.
The three riders reach the group and stop. RAY walks out to meet them. All of RAY’s followers stand. The riders are FLYNN, MORGAN, and LEM LEMONCLOAK.
RAY: Seven save you, friends. How can we help you?
LEM: What are you doing here?
RAY: Well, we’re talking about life. You?
LEM: Protecting the people.
RAY: Well, we thank you for your protection. Who are you protecting us from?
LEM: Do you have any horses?
RAY: No horses. No gold. No steel.
LEM: Food, then. Protecting the people is hungry work.
RAY: I’m sure it is. You’re welcome to stay for supper, but we have hungry mouths here.
LEM: Stay safe. The night is dark and full of terrors.
LEM smiles. The three riders turn the horses around and ride off. SANDOR watches them leave.
SANDOR is splitting wood with an ax on a chopping block. RAY walks up the path. SANDOR sees him coming but continues chopping.
SANDOR: “Seven save you, friends.”
RAY: I’m a fucking septon. What was I supposed to say?
SANDOR: They don’t believe in your Seven. They’re from the Brotherhood. They follow the Red God.
RAY: Aye, well, all are welcome here. Anyway, we got nothing for them.
SANDOR stops chopping.
SANDOR: Sure, you do. You’ve got food, you’ve got steel even if you say you don’t. And you’ve got women.
RAY: What do you want to do? Fight them? Kill them?
SANDOR shrugs and sighs.
RAY: It’d be you against all of them. I mean, these people don’t know how to fight.
SANDOR: You do.
RAY: I’m done with fighting.
SANDOR: Even if it’s to protect yourself?
RAY: Violence is a disease. You don’t cure a disease by spreading it to more people.
SANDOR: You don’t cure it by dying, either.
SANDOR resumes chopping.
RAY: You’ve done enough work for one day. Come on up for some supper.
RAY starts back up the path.
SANDOR: It’s gonna be a cold night. We’ll need firewood.
RAY: I’ll save you a bowl of stew. Might even have some ale hidden away.
MAN: He’s not a lying man. He says the Iron Fleet’s in Slaver’s Bay. I’m inclined to believe him. I’m not going anywhere near those mad fuckers.
ARYA walks up beside the men and addressing the one who was speaking.
ARYA: You’re Westerosi.
MAN: What do you care?
ARYA: I want to book passage home.
The man laughs.
MAN: You? Can’t afford it.
ARYA tosses a bag of coins on the table in front of the man. The man opens it and pulls out some coins.
MAN: Where’d you steal this from?
ARYA: Why do you care?
MAN: We leave in two days. You can have a hammock in steerage.
ARYA throws another bag of coins on the table.
ARYA: I want a cabin. And we’ll leave at dawn.
ARYA walks past the man and grabs the coin purses off the table on the way.
ARYA: See you at sunrise.
ARYA walks onto a bridge and stops to stare out at the Titan. An old woman approaches her.
WOMAN: Sweet girl.
ARYA turns to face the old woman. The old woman draws a blade and slashes ARYA across the stomach. She grabs ARYA by the neck and holds her tight to her body, the stabs ARYA severl times in the stomach and twists the blade. With her free hand, she reaches up and pulls off her face, revealing she is the WAIF in disguise. ARYA headbutss the WAIF, pushes her, and then runs and jumps off the opposite side of the bridge, plummeting into the water. The WAIF rushes to the side of the bridge ARYA jumped off and stares into the water. Bubbles and blood rise to the surface. The WAIF straightens her shirt and walks away.
ARYA bursts through the surface of the water, gasping. She pulls herself up onto some steps , turns onto her back, and clutches her bleeding stomach.
ARYA stumbles through the crowd, clutching her bleeding stomach and shivering. She looks from face to face. Everyone stares at her blankly.
The dead bodies of RAY’s followers are strewn all over the ground. SANDOR walks among them. He approaches the church framing. RAY is hanging by the neck from the framing, dead. SANDOR looks up at him and sighs. He walks to a nearby stump and retrieves an ax.
CREDITS
LADY CRANE: My son. My firstborn son. My child king, hush. Listen to the gods, for you they sing. Fight no more, sweet child. Your wars are won. The wolves are buried and the false stag done. Shut your blue eyes, my love. Let the crown fall. The Father above beckons you into his hall. In Seventh Heaven I’ll see you once more. But now I seek vengeance on Sansa the whore and my brother the Imp who killed his own king. Born amongst lions, our curse from within. I will slay him, I swear. With noose or with knife, though it take me a fortnight, a moon, or my life.
The crowd cheers. LADY CRANE and CLARENZO stand and bow. LADY CRANE makes her way backstage. She takes off her wig and sits down at her table in the actors’ break room, wiping her eyes. She takes her bottle of rum and begins to pour herself a glass but stops when she hears a rustling from behind a clothing rack. She stands and walks over to the clothing rack, then parts the clothes. ARYA is lying on the ground behind the rack, bleeding from her stomach.
ARYA is lying in bed. LADY CRANE sits beside her, treating her wounds.
ARYA: You’re good at that. Where did you learn?
LADY CRANE: I’m a jealous woman. I’ve always liked bad men and they’ve always liked me. They’d come home wherever home was that night stinking of some whore’s perfume.
LADY CRANE stands and carries her tray of medical supplies into the abutting room.
LADY CRANE: So we’d fight and I’d put a hole in them. And then I’d feel terrible, so I’d patch them up. I got good at patching them up.
ARYA: And good at putting holes in them.
LADY CRANE chuckles. ARYA smiles.
LADY CRANE: And that.
ARYA: What happened to the actress? The one who wanted you dead.
LADY CRANE: Bianca.
LADY CRANE spoons soup into a bowl and carries it back to ARYA.
LADY CRANE: She’ll have a hard time finding work as an actress after what I did to her face.
LADY CRANE hands ARYA the bowl. ARYA takes it and slurps, then scrunches up her face.
ARYA: Mmm.
LADY CRANE: I never did learn to cook. But eat. Eat. You need it. The company is moving on to Pentos soon. You should come with us.
ARYA: I can’t.
LADY CRANE: Why not? Got a feeling you’d be good at this sort of work. And besides, we need a new actress.
ARYA: I don’t think I could remember all of the lines.
LADY CRANE: Come with us. What’s left for you here?
ARYA: You wouldn’t be safe. Not while she’s looking for me.
LADY CRANE: Who?
ARYA: She doesn’t have a name.
LADY CRANE: Where will you go?
ARYA: Essos is east and Westeros is west. But what’s west of Westeros?
LADY CRANE: I don’t know.
ARYA: Nobody does. That’s where all the maps stop.
LADY CRANE: The edge of the world, maybe.
ARYA: I’d like to see that.
ARYA is afflicted with pain from her wound. LADY CRANE stands and pours a milky white liquid into a glass.
ARYA: What’s that?
LADY CRANE: Milk of the poppy.
ARYA: I don’t want any.
LADY CRANE hands ARYA the glass.
LADY CRANE: Sleep is the only way you’ll heal. Trust me, if my soup didn’t kill you, nothing will.
ARYA takes the glass, stares into it, and then drinks it down. She lays back and LADY CRANE tucks her in. ARYA falls asleep. LADY CRANE touches her hand and dims the candlelight.
MAN: Thing about Gatins, right, is he used to be pretty.
GATINS: I was a famous kisser. You lads know how to kiss proper?
The young men look at each other.
YOUNG MAN: Course we do.
GATINS: This is for masters, this technique. You’re not ready.
YOUNG MAN #2: I’m ready.
MAN: He says he’s ready.
GATINS: All right.
GATINS stands and walks over to YOUNG MAN #2. YOUNG MAN #2 stands.
GATINS: Now, pay attention. You put your left hand on the back of the lady’s head.
GATINS puts his left hand on the back of YOUNG MAN #2’s head.
GATINS: Your right hand holds the small of the lady’s back like so.
GATINS puts his right hand on the small of YOUNG MAN #2’s back.
GATINS: Very romantic. Take your middle finger, yeah, and you jam it right up her bunghole.
GATINS shoves his hand down the back of YOUNG MAN #2’s pants. YOUNG MAN #2 flails and pulls away. The other middle-aged man bursts out laughing. GATINS smells his finger.
MAN: So fucking close!
GATINS: Ah, it smells like pussy to me.
MAN: Look at him. You get hard, boy?
YOUNG MAN #2: Fuck you! Disgusting old twats.
GATINS sits back down next to the fire. YOUNG MAN #2 remains standing, fixing his pants. SANDOR appears, carrying an ax. He is walking towards YOUNG MAN #2. YOUNG MAN #2 has his back turned to him.
YOUNG MAN #2: Got off on that, did you, you old fuck?
The other three men spot SANDOR coming. They stand. YOUNG MAN #2 turns around to see what’s coming. SANDOR growls and decapitates him. SANDOR approaches the second young man and drives his ax into his chest. The middle-aged man approaches SANDOR from behind with a sword. SANDOR spins around and slices his throat open. SANDOR lunges at GATINS and drives his axe into his groin, then rips it away. Blood spills out and GATINS falls to his knees, whimpering. SANDOR puts his hand on GATINS’ head, forcing him to look up.
SANDOR: Where’s the other one? The one with the yellow cloak.
GATINS: Fuck you!
SANDOR: Those are your last words, fuck you? Come on, you can do better.
GATINS: Cunt!
SANDOR: You’re shit at dying, you know that?
SANDOR raises the ax above his head, growls, and buries it into GATINS.
RED PRIESTESS (speaking Valyrian): From the fire she was reborn to remake the world. Daenerys is a gift from the Lord of Light to her children. If we are steadfast in our love for the Queen and her faithful advisors, no man will ever lock us in chains again.
TYRION and VARYS enter, walking together through the courtyard. TYRION smiles.
TYRION: I’d call that a successful gambit.
VARYS: Would you?
TYRION: Look around. The city has come back to life.
VARYS: You made a pact with fanatics.
TYRION: I did and it worked.
VARYS: If you shaved your beard with a straight razor, you’d say the razor worked. That doesn’t mean it won’t cut your throat.
TYRION: Spoken like a man who has never had to shave.
TYRION and VARYS stop walking and stare out through an archway at the harbor.
TYRION: I’m going to miss you.
VARYS: I know.
TYRION: I hope you’re right about this expedition of yours.
VARYS: If I don’t return, you’ll know I was wrong.
TYRION broods. VARYS looks at him.
VARYS:We need friends in Westeros. And we need ships.
TYRION: Most of all, we need our queen.
VARYS: She’ll come back. She has to. My heart’s been broken too many times already.
VARYS pats TYRION on the shoulder.
VARYS: I’ll walk the rest of the way myself. I can’t go off on a secret mission in the company of the most famous dwarf in the city.
TYRION smiles. VARYS walks on.
TYRION: Varys.
VARYS turns back and looks at TYRION.
TYRION: The most famous dwarf in the world.
VARYS smiles and nods, then walks out into the harbor. TYRION walks back through the courtyard.
QYBURN: Your Grace, several members of the Faith Militant have been permitted entry to the Red Keep.
CERSEI: Have been permitted? That’s rather a tortured way of putting it.
QYBURN: They demand to see you, Your Grace.
CERSEI: Who permitted them inside the Red Keep?
QYBURN says nothing.
CERSEI: The king is aware of their presence?
QYBURN: He is, Your Grace. He’s currently in his chambers at prayer.
CERSEI stands and walks past QYBURN out into the hall. QYBURN bows to her as she passes, then follows her out with GREGOR in tow. At the bottom of the steps, LANCEL and a group of Faith Militant are waiting. CERSEI, QYBURN, and GREGOR approach them. One of the Faith Militant stares up at GREGOR.
LANCEL: Your Grace, His Holiness the High Septon wishes to speak with you at the Great Sept of Baelor.
CERSEI: His Holiness the High Septon is welcome to see me here in the Red Keep.
LANCEL: Your Grace, this is not a request.
CERSEI: It is a request, Cousin Lancel. You are asking me for something, I’m refusing.
LANCEL: The High Septon commands you. Are you sure you want to refuse him?
CERSEI: He promised me I could stay in the Red Keep until my trial.
CERSEI: Get out.
LANCEL nods at the Faith Militant. Two of them advance with spikes clubs. GREGOR steps in front of CERSEI.
LANCEL (to GREGOR): Move aside, ser.
GREGOR silently stares out from behind his helmet.
LANCEL (to CERSEI): Order your man to step aside or there will be violence.
CERSEI: I choose violence.
One of the Faith Militant swings his club into GREGOR’s chestplate. GREGOR is unaffected. The club is stuck in the metal of the armor and the Faith Militant man struggles to wrench it free. He pulls it loose and reels back for another swing, but GREGOR takes him by the throat with one hand and lifts him up off the ground. LANCEL and the other Faith Militant regroup in the courtyard. The man in GREGOR’s grasp gasps and drops his club. GREGOR tosses him out into the courtyard, then follows him out. GREGOR kneels over the man, grabs him by the jaw, and rips his head off. LANCEL looks around at the other Faith Militant. CERSEI smiles.
CERSEI: Please tell His High Holiness he’s always welcome to visit.
CERSEI, QYBURN, and GREGOR turn to walk back up the steps.
EXT. RIVERRUNBRIENNE and PODRICK arrive on horseback. They stare out at the Lannister/Frey encampment from an overlooking hill.
PODRICK: Looks like a siege, my lady.
BRIENNE: You have a keen military mind, Pod.
BRIENNE spots JAIME riding a white horse among his men.
PODRICK: My lady. My lady.
Several Lannister soldiers ride towards BRIENNE and PODRICK, and then encircle them.
MAN: Who goes there? State your business!
BRIENNE: My name is Brienne of Tarth. Please inform Ser Jaime Lannister I’ve come to speak with him. Tell him I have his sword.
PODRICK watches Lannister soldiers riding through the encampment. His is choked from behind by an unknown man who reveals himself to be BRONN.
BRONN: Getting a bit old to be a squire, aren’t we?
BRONN releases PODRICK. PODRICK coughs. BRONN laughs and slaps PODRICK on the shoulder.
BRONN: Podrick fucking Payne. I thought you’d be dead by now.
PODRICK: Not yet.
BRONN laughs and motions to a nearby tent.
BRONN: Are they in there?
PODRICK: Mm-hmm.
BRONN: You think they’re fucking?
PODRICK: What? No.
BRONN: Why not? I’d fuck her. You’d fuck her, wouldn’t you?
PODRICK: I’m her squire.
BRONN: Oh. Well, he’d fuck her, that’s for sure. And she’s fuck him, don’t you think? The way she looks at him. The way all women look at him is frankly irritating. I preferred working with the little brother on that account. Come on, you’re the one with the magic cock.
BRONN grabs PODRICK’s crotch.
BRONN: You must have shown it to her by now.
PODRICK: She’s training me to fight.
BRONN: Is she? Oh.
PODRICK: An hour in the morning, and hour at night. Every day.
BRONN: Then how come an old cunt like me can still sneak up and murder you?
PODRICK: Well, that’s a different sort of fighting.
BRONN: Now, that’s the truth, isn’t it? You want to learn that sort of fighting?
PODRICK smiles and nods.
BRONN: All right, let’s start with your footwork.
BRONN stands across from PODRICK.
BRONN: Show me your stance.
PODRICK postures up.
BRONN: Now, listen to me, Pod. See how your feet are about a yard apart?
PODRICK looks down at his feet. BRONN slaps him across the face.
BRONN: Lesson number one, assume everyone wants to hit you. ‘Cause they do, Pod. Everyone wants to hit a fucking squire. Do it again. Come on, don’t sulk.
CUT TO: JAIME’S TENT
BRIENNE and JAIME stand across from each other.
JAIME: I never thought you’d find her. I just assumed Sansa was dead.
BRIENNE: Why would you assume that?
JAIME: In my experience, girls like her don’t live very long.
BRIENNE: I don’t think you know many girls like her.
JAIME: Well, I’m proud of you. I am. You fulfilled your oath to Catelyn Stark against all odds.
JAIME walks around the room and comes to a stop on BRIENNE’s other side. BRIENNE turns to face him.
JAIME: Of course my sister wants Sansa dead. The girl is still a suspect in Joffrey’s murder, so there is that complication. What the hell are you doing here?
BRIENNE: I’ve come for the Blackfish.
JAIME: You’re welcome to have him.
BRIENNE: Lady Sansa desires to take her ancestral seat back from the Boltons and assume her rightful position as Lady of Winterfell.
JAIME: With what army does she plan on taking Winterfell?
BRIENNE: The Tully army.
JAIME: They’re a bit occupied at the moment. I was sent here to reclaim Riverrun currently defended by the Tully rebels, so you can see the conundrum.
BRIENNE: The Tullys are rebels because they’re fighting for their home?
JAIME: Riverrun was granted to the Freys by royal decree.
BRIENNE: As a reward for betraying Robb Stark and slaughtering his family.
JAIME: Exactly.
JAIME and BRIENNE stare at each other.
JAIME: We shouldn’t argue about politics.
BRIENNE: You’re a knight, Ser Jaime. I know there is honor in you. I’ve seen it myself.
JAIME: I’m a Lannister. Don’t ask me to betray my own house.
BRIENNE: I do no such thing. Take Riverrun without bloodshed. Ride south with your mission complete and your army intact.
JAIME: What do you propose?
BRIENNE: Allow me to enter Riverrun under a flag of truce. Let me try to persuade the Blackfish to give up the castle.
JAIME: Why would he abandon his ancestral home?
BRIENNE: Because you’ll allow him to lead the Tully forces safely north.
JAIME: Have you ever met the Blackfish?
BRIENNE: No.
JAIME: He’s even more stubborn than you are.
BRIENNE looks down. JAIME walks back around the table to BRIENNE’s other side.
JAIME: All right. Try to talk some sense into the old goat. He won’t listen, but his men might. Not everybody wants to die for someone else’s home.
BRIENNE: I need your word. If I persuade him to abandon the castle, you’ll grant us safe passage north.
JAIME: You have my word. You have until nightfall.
BRIENNE nods and undoes her sword belt. She hands Oathkeeper to JAIME. JAIME sighs.
BRIENNE: You gave it to me for a purpose. I’ve achieved that purpose.
JAIME: It’s yours. It will always be yours.
BRIENNE stares into JAIME’s eyes, then ties Oathkeeper back on her waist and begins to walk out. JAIME follows her to the entrance of the tent. BRIENNE turns back.
BRIENNE: one last thing, Ser Jaime.
JAIME: Yes, Lady Brienne?
BRIENNE: Should I fail to persuade the Blackfish to surrender, and if you attack the castle, honor compels me to fight for Sansa’s kin.
JAIME: Of course it does.
BRIENNE: To fight you.
JAIME: Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.
BRIENNE and JAIME stare into each other’s eyes. BRIENNE exits. JAIME watches her go.
BRIENNE and PODRICK follow BRYNDEN holding a piece of parchment as he walks along the walls of Riverrun.
BRYNDEN: I’ve said no three times already.
BRIENNE: I have a signed letter from your niece Sansa Stark.
BRYNDEN: I haven’t seen her since she was a child. I don’t know her signature. I don’t know you. And I will not surrender.
BRYNDEN turns to one of his soldiers.
BRYNDEN: Double the guards tonight.
BRYNDEN looks out at the Lannister/Frey encampment.
BRYNDEL The Kingslayer wants to try us. I can feel it.
BRYNDEN turns on his heel and walks inside. BRIENNE and PODRICK follow him.
BRYNDEN: Yes, Brienne of Tarth. I know your father. A good man.
BRIENNE: He always spoke highly of you.
BRYNDEN: And if he were here now, I’d tell him the same I’m telling you.
BRYNDEN makes his way down a set of steps.
BRYNDEN: If you think I’m abandoning my family’s seat on the Kingslayer’s word of honor, you’re a bloody fool.
BRIENNE: Riverrun cannot stand against the Lannisters and the Freys.
BRYNDEN: We can stand longer than your one-handed friend thinks we can.
BRYNDEN, BRIENNE, and PODRICK emerge into Riverrun’s main courtyard.
BRIENNE: He’s not my friend.
BRYNDEN: No?
BRYNDEN stops and turns back to face BRIENNE.
BRYNDEN: Who gave you permission to cross the siege line and enter the castle? Who gave you that sword with the gold lion on the pommel?
BRIENNE: Ser Jaime kept his word to your niece Catelyn Stark. He sent me to find Sansa, to help her as Catelyn wanted. He gave me this sword to protect her. That is what I have done and I will continue to do until the day I die.
BRIENNE holds out the piece of parchment to BRYNDEN. BRYNDEN takes it, unfolds it, and reads its contents. He smiles and chuckles under his breath.
BRYNDEN: She’s exactly like her mother.
BRIENNE smiles. BRYNDEN turns back to face her.
BRYNDEN: I don’t have enough men to help her take Winterfell.
BRIENNE: You have more than she does.
BRYNDEN: She wants her home back. I understand that. But this is my home. And if Jaime Lannister wants it, he can bloody well take it the way everyone else does.
BRYNDEN hands the letter back to BRIENNE. She takes it. BRYNDEN walks away.
BRIENNE (to PODRICK): Find the maester. We need to get a raven north to Sansa.
PODRICK: What should I write?
BRIENNE: Tell her I failed.
CERSEI: There’s to be a royal announcement?
KEVAN: There is.
CERSEI: Why wasn’t I informed?
KEVAN: There is to be a royal announcement in the throne room at this very moment.
CERSEi starts up the steps but KEVAN blocks her with his arm.
KEVAN: Where are you going?
CERSEI: To stand by my son.
KEVAN: Your place is in the gallery with the other ladies of the court.
CERSEI stares at TOMMEN. TOMMEN looks away. MAESTER PYCELLE whispers to him. CERSEI, QYBURN, and GREGOR move to one of the nearby balconies. TOMMEN sits on the Iron Throne and addresses the crowd.
TOMMEN: Lords and ladies, the Faith and the Crown are the two pillars that hold up this world. One collapses, so does the other. The Father judges us all. If you break his laws...you will be punished. After conferring with His Holiness the High Septon, we have determined that Loras Tyrell and Cersei lannister’s trial will be held in the Great Sept of Baelor on the first day of the Festival of the Mother.
Members of the crowd murmur to one another.
TOMMEN: Furthermore, after much prayer and reflection, the Crown has decided that from this day forward, trial by combat will be forbidden throughout the Seven Kingdoms. The tradition is a brutish one, a scheme devised by corrupt rulers in order to avoid true judgment from the gods. Cersei Lannister and Loras Tyrell will stand trial before seven septons as it was in the earliest days of the Faith. Seven blessings to all.
CROWD: Seven blessings.
TOMMEN stands and makes his way out of the hall, accompanied by the goldcloaks. CERSEI watches him leave. QYBURN walks up beside CERSEi and whispers to her.
QYBURN: Your Grace...that old rumor you told me about. My little birds investigated.
CERSEI: And? Was it just a rumor or something more?
QYBURN: More. Much more.
MISSANDEI: You seem happy.
TYRION: I am happy. You should both be as well. Not so long ago, this city was ready to devour itself.
TYRION puts down his glass of wine on a table and pours another glass of wine.
TYRION: Now it’s like a man reborn.
MISSANDEI: I will be happy when our queen returns.
TYRION: Why don’t you drink? Why don’t either of you ever drink?
TYRION pours a third glass of wine.
GREY WORM: Unsullied never drink.
TYRION: Why not?
GREY WORM: Rules.
TYRION: And who made these rules? Your former masters?
GREY WORM and MISSANDEI look at each other.
TYRION: Those miserable old shits didn’t want you to be human. Have a drink with me.
TYRION hands GREY WORM one of the glasses of wine. GREY WORM takes it.
TYRION (to MISSANDEI): And you? What’s your excuse?
GREY WORM sniffs his glass of wine and scrunches up his face. TYRION hands MISSANDEI the second glass of wine. She takes it.
MISSANDEI: I have tried wine before. It made me feel funny.
TYRION: That’s how you know it’s working.
TYRION returns to his glass of wine and raises it up.
TYRION: Here’s to our queen. Anyone not drinking is disrespecting our queen.
GREY WORM and MISSANDEI raise their glasses.
TYRION: To Daenerys Stormborn, Mother of Dragons, Breaker of Chains, long may she reign.
GREY WORM & MISSANDEI: Long may she reign.
GREY WORM and MISSANDEI sip from their glasses. TYRION drinks all of his.
TYRION: Do you like it?
GREY WORM: Tastes like it has turned.
TYRION walks to another decanter on the opposite side of the room and pours himself another glass of wine.
TYRION: Yes, yes. Fermentation. One day, after our queen has taken the Seven Kingdoms...I’d like to have my own vineyard. Make my own wine. The Imp’s Delight. Only my close friends could drink it.
TYRION sips his wine.
TYRION: Tell me a joke, Missandei of Naath.
TYRION walks back in front of GREY WORM and MISSANDEI.
MISSANDEI: I do not know any jokes.
TYRION: Grey worm?
GREY WORM stares and says nothing.
MISSANDEI sips her wine.
TYRION: ...but when the barkeep brings them over, each of them finds a fly in his cup. The Lannister, outraged, shoves the cup aside and demands another. The Martell plucks the fly out and swallows it whole. The Stark reaches into his cup, pulls out the fly and shouts, “Spit it out, you see shit. Spit it out.”
GREY WORM and MISSANDEI do not laugh.
TYRION: It’s funnier in Westeros.
GREY WORM: The Starks and the lannisters, i thought these were enemies.
TYRION: Yes.
MISSANDEI: A joke is like a story, Torgo Nudho. Not a true story, necessarily.
TYRION: A story that’s supposed to make you laugh, ideally. Not at the moment, perhaps.
MISSANDEI sips her wine again.
TYRION: Missandei, do you like the wine?
MISSANDEI: I do.
TYRION: Tell a joke.
MISSANDEI: Two translators are on a sinking ship.
TYRION smiles.
MISSANDEI: The first says, “Do you know how to swim?” The second says, “No, but I can shout for help in 19 languages.”
There is a pause.
TYRION Ah!
TYRION begins to laugh. MISSANDEI smiles and sips her wine.
GREY WORM: That is the worst joke I ever heard.
MISSANDEI: You don’t even know what a joke is.
GREY WORM: I am soldier all my life. You think I never hear joke?
TYRION: You lied to us.
GREY WORM: I make joke.
MISSANDEI and TYRION laugh. GREY WORM smiles.
MISSANDEI: More jokes.
Bells begin to ring. GREY WORM stands and runs out of the room, shouting in Valyrian.
A fleet of white-sailed ships approaches Meereen. TYRION and MISSANDEI stare at at the ships.
MISSANDEI: The Masters have come for their property.
JAIME: Lord Edmure.
EDMURE’s hands are behind his back, his wrists bound around a vertical pole in the center of the tent. He is kneeling.
JAIME: I apologize for the way the Freys treated you. A man of your birth deserved better. You have my word you’ll be properly fed and clothes from now on.
EDMURE stands.
EDMURE: I have your word?
EDMURE scoffs.
JAIME: The Blackfish is an old man. A good death is all he can hope for. But you, you have a child now, I’ve heard. A son you sired on your wedding night. You’re a potent man.
EDMURE: A son I’ve never met born of a wife that I haven’t seen since our first night together.
JAIME: You should be with them both. I can arrange that, you realize? Comfortable rooms for you at Casterly Rock. A tutor for your boy, knights to train him to fight and to ride. And when he comes of age, he’ll have a keep of his own.
EDMURE: Do you imagine yourself a decent person? Is that it? After you’ve massacred my family. Kept me in a cell for years. Stolen our lands.
JAIME: I’ll remind you that our houses are at war. I’m sorry if this conflict has inconvenienced you, but rebelling against the Crown does have consequences.
EDMURE: Says the man who shoved his sword through his king’s back.
JAIME: Did I give you the impression that this was a negotiation? It’s not.
JAIME sits on a barrel in the corner of the room.
EDMURE: You understand. On some level you understand that you’re an evil man.
JAIME: I’ll leave the judgments to the gods.
EDMURE: Well, that is convenient for you. You’re a fine-looking fellow, aren’t you?
EDMURE chuckles.
EDMURE: Your square jaw, your golden armor. Tell me, I want to know. I truly do. How do you live with yourself? All of us have to believe that we’re decent, don’t we? You have to sleep at night. How do you tell yourself that you’re decent after everything that you’ve done?
JAIME: I was your sister’s prisoner once. She hit me on the head with a rock if I remember correctly.
EDMURE laughs.
EDMURE: Yeah. She should have killed you.
JAIME: Perhaps, but she didn’t. Catelyn Stark hated me just like you hate me. But I didn’t hate her. I admired her. Far more than her husband or her son.
EDMURE: Do you think I care whom you admire and whom you don’t?
JAIME: No, I don’t, but I’m telling you anyway because you’re my prisoner. You don’t have a choice. The love she had for her children, I was a little awed by it. Reminded me of my sister.
EDMURE: Oh. Oh, I see. You’re a madman.
EDMURE: Don’t talk about Cat!
JAIME: I’ll talk about whomever I want.
EDMURE grunts and struggles against his bindings.
JAIME: She loved her children. I suppose all mothers do, but Catelyn and Cersei, there’s a fierceness you don’t often see.
JAIME stands and walks closer to EDMURE.
JAIME: They’d do anything to protect their babies.
JAIME gets in EDMURE’s face.
JAIME: Start a war. Burn cities to ash. Free their worst enemies. The things we do for love.
EDMURE: You didn’t come here to talk about our sisters.
JAIME: That’s exactly why I came here. I love Cersei. You can laugh at that if you want. You can sneer. It doesn’t matter. She needs me. And to get back to her, I have to take Riverrun. I’ll send for your baby boy.
EDMURE struggles against his bindings, pushing himself towards JAIME.
JAIME: And I’ll launch him into Riverrun with a catapult. Because you don’t matter to me, Lord Edmure. Your son doesn’t matter to me. The people in the castle don’t matter to me. Only Cersei. And if I have to slaughter every Tully who ever lived to get back to her, that’s what I’ll do.
EDMURE crosses the bridge over Riverrun’s moat, carrying a torch. Several guards point crossbows down at him. He stops at the end of the bridge.
GUARD CAPTAIN: Who goes there?
EDMURE: Edmure Tully, son of Hoster Tully, and the rightful Lord of Riverrun. I demand entry.
BRYNDEN appears on the wall with the guards.
BRYNDEN: Don’t let him in.
GUARD CAPTAIN: He’s the Lord of Riverrun. I have to obey his commands.
BRYNDEN: He’s been their captive ever since they murdered his king at the Red Wedding. Why do you think the people who murdered his king at the Red Wedding would decide to let him come home? Because it’s a trap, you idiot. Don’t let him in.
BRYNDEN turns to walk away.
GUARD CAPTAIN: He’s my lord, my lord. I’ve sworn to serve the Lord of Riverrun and obey his commands.
BRYNDEN turns back.
BRYNDEN: You’re not obeying Edmure’s commands. You’re obeying the fucking Kinglsayer’s commands.
EDMURE (O.S.): I demand entry.
GUARD CAPTAIN: My lord has given an order.
BRYNDEN: WIth a knife to his throat. That is not a valid order.
The guard captain turns to his fellow guards.
BRYNDEN unsheathes his sword halfway. The guard captain and the other guards show their steel.
BRYNDEN: I’ll have your head before I surrender Riverrun.
GUARD CAPTAIN: You are not lord of this castle, my lord.
BRYNDEN looks around at the other guards, sheathes his sword, and walks away.
GUARD CAPTAIN: Lower the drawbridge!
GUARD: Aye, ser!
The drawbridge begins to open. EDMURE stares back across the Lannister/Frey encampment. JAIME waits on his horse. BLACK WALDER rides up beside JAIME. The drawbridge fully extends. EDMURE walks inside.
BLACK WALDER (to JAIME): If you’re wrong, we’re just surrendered our most valuable prisoner.
The drawbridge closes behind EDMURE. Riverrun soldiers are gathered to meet him. BRYNDEN appears in the rear of their ranks. EDMURE spots BRYNDEN, hands his torch to one of the soldiers, and walks up the stairs to the top of the outer wall.
GUARD CAPTAIN: Welcome home, my lord.
EDMURE: Command all the forces within the castle to lay down their arms. Open the gates.
EDMURE: Your lord has given a command.
The drawbridge opens. JAIME glances at BLACK WALDER and rides towards Riverrun. The Lannister and Frey forces follow him into Riverrun.
EDMURE: Find the Blackfish. Put him in irons and hand him over to the Freys.
GUARD CAPTAIN (to a guard): Find him.
The Riverrun soldiers lay down their arms in a pile as the Lannister forces enter the castle.
BRYNDEN, PODRICK, and BRIENNE emerge from a doorway. BRYNDEN places the torch in a sconce and stands in the doorway. PODRICK gets onto a small rowboat floating on the surface of the river. BRIENNE kneels to steady the rowboat for PODRICK, then turns back to look at BRYNDEN.
BRYNDEN: Go on.
BRYNDEN stands and faces him.
BRIENNE: Come with us.
BRYNDEN: I’ve run before from the Red Wedding. I’m not running again. This is my family home.
BRIENNE: Your family is in the North. Come with us. Don’t die for pride when you can fight for your blood.
BRYNDEN: You’ll serve Sansa far better than I ever could.
Some guards begin shouting in the background.
BRYNDEN: Go on, now.
BRYNDEN unsheathes his sword.
BRYNDEN: I haven’t had a proper sword fight in years. I expect I’ll make a damn fool of myself.
BRYNDEN heads through the doorway and back up the steps. BRIENNE watches him leave and then gets on the rowboat.
Lannister and Frey banners are being draped all over the courtyard. Lannister soldiers walk over the fallen Tully banners.
JAIME stands atop the outer wall. A Lannister guard enters and approaches him.
GUARD: We found the Blackfish, my lord.
JAIME: Good. Bring him to me.
GUARD: He died fighting, my lord.
JAIME nods to the guard. The guard exits. JAIME stares out at the river and sees BRIENNE and PODRICK rowing away from Riverrun. He looks around to see if anyone else is watching. BRIENNE looks over her shoulder and sees JAIME standing atop the wall. JAIME waves to her. BRIENNE waves back.
TYRION and MISSANDEI enter. GREY WORM is waiting for them. Many Unsullied stand guard around the room.
TYRION: I was wrong. I admit it.
MISSANDEI: That changes nothing.
GREY WORM: No more talking from you. Your talking gave us this.
GREY WORM: You’re trying to tell me what the army should do. You do not know what the army should do.
TYRION: All right, what should the army do?
GREY WORM: We’ll not go to the beach. If we go to the beach, the Masters will take the pyramid. The pyramid is the only place in the city we can defend. We stay here.
TYRION: And then?
GREY WORM: We wait for them to come to us. Then we fight them.
Something thuds and rattles the roof of the pyramid. Footsteps can be heard. Everyone looks up. MISSANDEI grabs a knife from a table and stands beside TYRION. GREY WORM and the Unsullied form up in front of the door to the balcony. One Unsullied opens the door. Another inches out through it, shield and spear in hand. The Unsullied man looks side to side and sees nothing, but then sees something and kneels. The rest of the Unsullied follow suit. DAENERYS enters. A dragon screeches and flies away in the background.
BERIC: Clegane.
THOROS: What the fuck you doing here?
SANDOR: Chasing them. You?
THOROS: Hanging them.
SANDOR: Any particular reason?
BERIC: They’re our men. Or they were. They attacked a nearby sept and murdered the villagers. Why do you want them?
SANDOR: Same reason. I was helping build it. They killed a friend of mine.
THOROS: You’ve got friends?
SANDOR: Not anymore. They’re mine.
SANDOR advances. BERIC and another member of the Brotherhood block his path.
BERIC: It’s the Brotherhood’s good name they’ve dragged through the dirt.
SANDOR: Fuck your name. They’re mine. I killed you once before, Dondarrion. Happy to do it again.
One of the Brotherhood members notches an arrow and points his bow at SANDOR.
SANDOR: Drop that arrow, you bloody girl.
SANDOR points his ax at the man but keeps his eyes locked on BERIC.
SANDOR: Tougher girls than you have tried to kill me.
SANDOR walks towards the bowman.
BERIC: You can have one of them.
SANDOR turns back to face BERIC, glances at the men about to be hanged, then looks back at BERIC.
SANDOR: Two.
BERIC looks at THOROS. THOROS nods. BERIC nods to SANDOR. SANDOR approaches one of the men and raises his ax above his head to swing. THOROS catches the ax’s handle from behind.
THOROS: No, no, no.
SANDOR turns to face THOROS and tries to wrench his ax free.
THOROS: We’re not butchers. We hang them.
THOROS releases SANDOR’s ax.
SANDOR: hanging? All over in an instant. Where’s the punishment in that?
THOROS: They die.
SANDOR: We all bloody die.
SANDOR gestures to BERIC.
SANDOR: Except this one here. I’ll only gut one of them.
BERIC: No.
SANDOR: I’ll chop off one hand.
BERIC: We gave you two of the three out of respect for your loss. That’s generous.
SANDOR: Bunch of nancies.
SANDOR throws down his ax.
SANDOR: There was a time I would have killed all seven of you just to gut these three.
THOROS: You’re getting old, Clegane.
SANDOR: He’s not.
SANDOR kicks the box out from underneath one of the men, hanging him. He moves in front of LEM.
LEM: Please don’t. I’ll give you anything.
SANDOR kicks the box out from underneath LEM, hanging him. LEM gasps for air. BERIC hangs the third man. SANDOR pulls the boot off of LEM’s foot. BERIC and THOROS begin to walk away, but turn back to look at SANDOR. SANDOR takes off his own boot and sizes up LEM’s boot to his own foot. He shoves his foot into LEM’s boot and looks up at BERIC and THOROS.
SANDOR: Got anything to eat?
Several members of the Brotherhood are sitting around small campfires. SANDOR, BERIC, and some other Brothers are sitting at one such campfire. SANDOR is eating a piece of meat. THOROS approaches and sits beside them.
THOROS (to SANDOR): Enjoying yourself?
SANDOR: I prefer chicken.
THOROS hands SANDOR a water skin. SANDOR drinks from it.
BERIC: You ought to join us. We could use you.
SANDOR: I tried joining. Didn’t work out for me.
THOROS: Clegane, we’re here for a reason. The Lord of Light is keeping Beric alive for a reason. He gave a failed, drunk priest the power to bring him back for a reason. We are part of something larger than ourselves.
SANDOR: Lots of horrible shit in this world gets done for something larger than ourselves.
SANDOR returns the water skin to THOROS, stands, walks to the river, and urinates into it.
BERIC: Cold winds are rising in the North.
SANDOR: And you’re going to go stop them?
BERIC: We need good men to help us.
SANDOR: Last time you saw me, you wanted to execute me.
BERIC: True enough. But the Lord of Light gave you the power to defeat me. Why?
SANDOR laughs.
SANDOR: I beat you because I’m better than you, Beric. I was better than you before you started yammering on about the Lord and I’m better than you now.
SANDOR returns to his spot by the campfire and sits.
BERIC: Aye, you’re probably right. You’re a fighter. You were born a fighter. You walked away from the fight. How did that go? Good and bad, young and old, the things we’re fighting will destroy them all alike. You can still help a lot more than you’ve harmed Clegane, it’s not too late for you.
ARYA: Lady Crane?
ARYA gets out of bed and winces. She walks towards the abutting room.
ARYA: Lady Crane?
ARYA enters the abutting room and sees LADY CRANE lying crumpled on top of the stool, dead. Blood is pooled on the ground beneath her.
WAIF: If you’d have done your job, she would have died painlessly.
ARYA turns to see the WAIF standing in the doorway with a knife. The WAIF approaches ARYA slowly and ARYA backs away, matching her pace.
WAIF: Instead…
The WAIF holds out her arms.
WAIF: The Many-Faced God was promised a name. He must always receive what is his. You can’t change that. I can’t change that. No one can. And now he’s been promised another name.
ARYA turns around, runs out onto the balcony, and jumps off. She grunts as her hands and feet connect with the ground. The sprints off through the streets, pushing people out of the way. The WAIF emerges from the door to LADY CRANE’s apartment, spies ARYA, and chases after her. ARYA runs through an alleyway. A man pushes a cart in her way. She slides underneath it and continues running. The WAIF jumps clean over the cart. ARYA turns a corner and runs down a set of stairs. A woman dumps a barrel of water on the ground outside the door to a room at the bottom of the steps. ARYA sees her and darts into the room. The WAIF turns the corner to the steps but stops when she does not see ARYA. The room ARYA has entered is a sauna. She moves through it. A number of men in towels are relaxing in the heat. ARYA emerges from the door on the opposite side of the sauna and looks around. She enters the crowd, walking through it. The WAIF appears on a high wall behind her, then jumps down into the crowd. ARYA turns back to see her and runs away. The WAIF pursues her. ARYA reaches the end of the marketplace and jumps off a high wall. She lands on a large set of steps where many fruit merchants have laid their baskets. She tumbles down the steps, knocking over the baskets as she goes and grunting with pain. The crowd clamors. ARYA comes to a stop at the bottom of the steps. She puts her hand to her stomach. Her hand comes away bloody. The WAIF appears at the top of the steps. ARYA sees her, stands, and throws herself over a small wall into an alleyway. The WAIF follows her. ARYA whimpers as she moves through the alleyway. She leaves blood stains on everything she touches. She enters a small, dark room, lit by a single candle. The WAIF follows her inside, knife in hand. ARYA kneels in the small living space she has made for herself. The WAIF enters and shuts the door behind her.
WAIF: It will all be over soon. On your knees or on your feet?
ARYA retrieves Needle from beneath a blanket and stands.
WAIF: Haven’t we been through this already? That won’t help you.
The WAIF advances. ARYA holds Needle up in front of her face, closes her eyes, and cuts the candle in half. The room goes dark.
JAQEN enters the main hall. He notices a blood trail on the floor leading to the Hall of Faces. He follows the trail and enters the Hall. The trail leads to one of the columns bearing the faces. The WAIF’s bloody face rests in one of the sconces.
ARYA: You told her to kill me.
ARYA appears behind JAQEN, pointing Needle at him. JAQEN turns to face her.
JAQEN: Yes. But here you are. And there she is.
JAQEN pushes his chest against Needle’s point.
JAQEN: Finally a girl is no one.
ARYA: A girl is Arya Stark of Winterfell and I’m going home.
JAQEN smiles. ARYA turns and exits.
CREDITS
TYRION: Despite appearances, I think you’ll find the city’s on the rise.
An explosion occurs outside.
TYRION: Perhaps we should take shelter.
An explosion occurs outside.
DAENERYS: The city is on the rise?
TYRION: Meereen is strong. Commerce has returned to the markets. The people are behind you.
An explosion occurs outside.
TYRION: Well, not all the people, of course. No ruler that ever lived had the support of all the people. But the rebirth of Meereen is the cause of this violence. The Masters cannot let Meereen succeed. Because if Meereen succeeds, a city without slavery, a city without Masters…
An explosion occurs outside.
TYRION: ...it proves that no one needs a Master.
DAENERYS: Good. Shall we begin?
TYRION: Do we have a plan?
DAENERYS: I will crucify the Masters. I will set their fleets afire, kill every last one of their soldiers, and return their cities to the dirt. That is my plan.
TYRION tightens his jaw and looks away.
DAENERYS: You don’t approve?
TYRION: You once told me you knew what your father was. Did you know his plans for King’s Landing when the Lannister armies were at his gates?
An explosion occurs outside.
TYRION: Probably not. Well, he told my brother and Jaime told me. He had caches of wildfire hidden under the Red Keep, the Guildhalls, the Sept of Baelor, all the major thoroughfares. He would have burned every one of his citizens. The loyal ones and the trators. Every man, woman, and child. That’s why Jaime killed him.
DAENERYS: This is entirely different.
TYRION: You’re talking about destroying cities. It’s not entirely different. I’d like to suggest an alternate approach.
A blast causes the window across the room to explode inward, sending shards of wood flying everywhere. DAENERYS and TYRION duck, then turn to look at the window.
DAENERYS, TYRION, GREY WORM, MISSANDEI, and an assembly of Unsullied stand across from the three Masters, YEZZAN ZO QAGGAZ, RAZDAL MO ERAZ, and BELICHO PAENYMION, and a group of their soldiers.
RAZDAL (to DAENERYS): Once before, I offered you peace. If you had not been so arrogant, you could have returned to your homeland with a fleet of ships. Instead, you will flee Slaver’s Bay on foot like the beggar queen you are.
TYRION: We are here to discuss terms of surrender, not to trade insults.
YEZZAN: The terms are simple. You and your foreign friends will abandon the Great Pyramid and the city of Meereen. The Unsullied you stole from Kraznys mo Nakloz will remain to be sold again to the highest bidder. The translator you stole from Kraznys mo Nakloz will remain to be sold again to the highest bidder. The dragons beneath the Great Pyramid will be slaughtered.
DAENERYS: We obviously didn’t communicate clearly. We’re here to discuss your surrender, not mine.
RAZDAL: I imagine it’s difficult adjust to the new reality. Your reign is over.
DAENERYS: My reign has just begun.
A dragon screeches in the distance. YEZZAN turns to look in the direction of the screech. DROGON flies up over the plateau and lands on an overlooking structure. He roars and drops down beside DAENERYS. DAENERYS climbs on his back and they fly off over Meereen. When they pass over the entrance to the catacombs, RHAEGAL and VISERION bust down the door with flame and take flight to join them. The ensemble flies over the beach entrance to Meereen.
A group of the Sons of the Harpy are slaughtering citizens of Meereen. Galloping footsteps can be heard in the distance. One of the Sons of the Harpy turns to look in the direction of the sound. The Dothraki horde led by DAARIO rounds the bend of a nearby cliff, yelling war cries and charging full force towards the Sons of the Harpy on horseback. DAARIO beheads a Son of the Harpy.
DAENERYS and the dragons fly over the Masters’ ships. The soldiers on the ships stop what they’re doing and stare up at the dragons. DAENERYS and DROGON come to a halt and hover in front of one of the ships.
DAENERYS: Dracarys.
The dragons shoot stream of fire down at the the ship. The ship becomes engulfed in flame and the soldiers scream as they die. The ship incinerates and capsizes.
GREY WORM steps forward and addresses the Masters’ soldiers.
GREY WORM (speaking Valyrian): You men have a choice:
The Unsullied ready their spears. The Masters’ soldiers ready their swords.
GREY WORM: ...fight and die for the masters who would never fight and die for you, or go home to your families.
A dragon screeches in the distance. The Masters’ soldiers lay down their arms and run away.
TYRION: Thank you for the armada. Our queen does love ships. Now, last time we spoke, we made a pact. You violated that pact. You declared war upon us. Though our queen does have a forgiving nature, this cannot be forgiven.
MISSANDEI: Our queen insists that one of you must die as punishment for your crimes.
TYRION: It always seems a bit abstract, doesn’t it, other people dying?
RAZDAL grabs YEZZAN.
RAZDAL: Him. He should die.
BELICHO: Yes, him.
TYRION looks at GREY WORM.
RAZDAL: He’s not one of us. He’s an outsider, a lowborn. He does not speak for us.
GREY WORM approaches the YEZZAN and stares in his eyes.
YEZZAN: Please.
YEZZAN falls to his knees. GREY WORM unsheathes his dagger and slices RAZDAL and BELICHO’s throats. He sheathes his dagger and steps back. TYRION approaches YEZZAN and puts his hand on his shoulder.
TYRION: Tell your people what happened here. Tell them you live by the grace of Her Majesty. When they come forward with notions of retribution or ideas about returning the slave cities to their former glory, remind the what happened when Daenerys Stormborn and her dragons came to Meereen.
TYRION pats YEZZAN on the shoulder. He, GREY WORM, and MISSANDEI walk away.
JON SNOW: You don’t have to be here.
SANSA: Yes, I do.
RAMSAY: My beloved wife. I’ve missed you terribly.
RAMSAY looks at JON SNOW.
RAMSAY: Thank you for returning Lady Bolton safely. Now, dismount and kneel before me, surrender your army and proclaim me the true Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North. I will pardon you for deserting the Night’s Watch. I will pardon these treasonous lords for betraying my house. Come, bastard, you don’t have the men, you don’t have the horses, and you don’t have Winterfell. Why lead those pour souls into slaughter? There’s no need for a battle. Get off your hose and kneel. I’m a man of mercy.
JON SNOW: You’re right. There’s no need for a battle. Thousands of men don’t need to die. Only one of us. Let’s end this the old way. You against me.
RAMSAY chuckles.
RAMSAY: I keep hearing stories about you, bastard. The way people in the North talk about you, you’re the greatest swordsman who ever walked. Maybe you are that good. Maybe not. I don’t know if I’d beat you. But I know that my army will beat yours. I have 6,000 men. You have, what, half that? Not even?
JON SNOW: Aye, you have the numbers. Will your men want to fight for you when they hear you wouldn’t fight for them?
RAMSAY points at JON SNOW.
RAMSAY: He’s good. Very good. Tell me, will you let your little brother die because you’re too proud to surrender?
SANSA: How do we know you have him?
RAMSAY nods to SMALLJON. SMALLJON pulls SHAGGYDOG’s head out from a satchel and throws it on the ground.
RAMSAY: Now, if you want to save —
SANSA: You’re going to die tomorrow, Lord Bolton. Sleep well.
SANSA turns her horse and rides away.
RAMSAY (to JON SNOW): She’s a fine woman, your sister. I look forward to having her back in my bed. And you’re all fine-looking men. My dogs are desperate to meet you. I haven’t fed them for seven days. They’re ravenous. I wonder which parts they’ll try first. Your eyes? Your balls? We’ll find out soon enough. In the morning, then, bastard.
RAMSAY and company ride back towards Winterfell. JON SNOW looks down.
JON SNOW, DAVOS, TORMUND, and SANSA are standing around a planning table.
JON SNOW: If he was smart, he’d stay inside the walls of Winterfell and wait us out.
DAVOS: That’s not his way. He knows the North is watching. If the other houses sense weakness on his part, they’ll stop fearing him. He can’t have that. Fear is his power.
JON SNOW: It’s his weakness, too. His mean don’t want to fight for him. They’re forced to fight for him. If they feel the tide turning...
TORMUND: It’s not his men that worry me. It’s his horses. I know what mounted knights can do to us.
TORMUND looks at DAVOS.
TORMUND: You and Stannis cut through us like piss through snow.
JON SNOW: We’re digging trenches all along our flanks. They won’t be able to hit us the way that Stannis hit you, in a double envelopment.
TORMUND stares blankly at JON SNOW.
JON SNOW: A pincer move.
TORMUND stares blankly at JON SNOW. JON SNOW and DAVOS look at each other briefly.
JON SNOW: They won’t be able to hit us from the sides.
TORMUND: Good.
DAVOS: It’s crucial that we let them charge at us. They’ve got the numbers, we need the patience. If we let him buckle our center, he’ll pursue. Then we’ll have him surrounded on three sides.
TORMUND (to JON SNOW): Did you really think that cunt would fight you man to man?
JON SNOW: No. But I wanted to make him angry. I want him coming at us full tilt.
DAVOS: We should all get some sleep.
TORMUND: Rest, Jon Snow. We need you sharp tomorrow.
DAVOS, TORMUND, and any remaining attendants exit. JON SNOW sits down at the head of the table.
SANSA: So you’ve met the enemy, drawn up your battle plans.
JON SNOW: Aye, for what they’re worth.
SANSA: You’ve known him for the space of a single conversation, you and your trusted advisors, and you sit around and make your plans on how to defeat a man you don’t know. I lived with him. I know the way his mind works. I know how he likes to hurt people. Did it ever once occur to you that I might have some insight?
JON SNOW: You’re right.
SANSA: You think he’s going to fall into your trap. He won’t He’s the one who lays traps.
JON SNOW: He’s overconfident.
SANSA: He plays with people. He’s far better at it than you. He’s been doing it all his life.
JON SNOW stands.
JON SNOW: Aye, and what have I been doing all my life? Playing with broomsticks? I fought beyond the Wall against worse than Ramsay Bolton. I’ve defended the Wall from worse than Ramsay Bolton.
SANSA: You don’t know him.
JON SNOW: All right, tell me. What should we do? How do we get Rickon back?
SANSA: We’ll never get him back. Rickon is Ned Starks trueborn son, which makes him a greater threat to Ramsay than you, a bastard, or me, a girl. As long as he lives, Ramsay’s claim to Winterfell will be contested, which means he won’t live long.
JON SNOW: We can’t give up on our brother.
SANSA: Listen to me, please. He wants you to make a mistake.
JON SNOW: Of course he does. What should I do differently?
SANSA: I don’t know! I don’t know anything about battles! Just don’t do what he wants you to do.
JON SNOW: Aye, that’s good advice.
SANSA: You think that’s obvious?
JON SNOW: Well, it is a bit obvious.
SANSA: If you had asked for my advice earlier, I would have told you not to attack Winterfell until we have a larger force, or is that obvious, too?
JON SNOW: When will we have a larger force?! We’ve pleaded with every house that’ll have us! The Blackfish can’t help us! We’re lucky to have this many men!
SANSA: It’s not enough!
JON SNOW: Now, it’s not enough! It’s what we have! Battles have been won against greater odds.
SANSA: If Ramsay wins, I’m not going back there alive. Do you understand me?
JON SNOW I won’t ever let him touch you again. I’ll protect you, I promise.
SANSA: No one can protect me. No one can protect anyone.
SANSA exits. JON SNOW turns, looks at the table, and sighs.
CUT TO: STARK ENCAMPMENT
DAVOS and TORMUND are walking together through the encampment.
DAVOS: You think there’s hope?
TORMUND: I’ve never seen these Bolton fuckers fight. And they’ve never seen the free folk fight, so, yes, there’s hope. You want to avenge your king, don’t you?
DAVOS: It wasn’t the Boltons defeated Stannis. It was Stannis himself. I loved the man. He lifted me up and made me something. But he had demons in his skull whispering foul things.
TORMUND: You saw these demons?
DAVOS: What?
They stop walking. DAVOS looks at TORMUND.
DAVOS: No, it’s a manner of speaking. Not actual demons.
TORMUND: Oh. Well, you loved that cunt Stannis and I loved the man he burned. Mance didn’t have demons in his skull. He didn’t torch people or listen to some red witch. I believed in him. I thought he was the man to lead us through the Long Night. But I was wrong just like you.
DAVOS: Maybe that was our mistake, believing in kings.
TORMUND: Jon Snow’s not a king.
DAVOS: No, he’s not.
TORMUND and DAVOS smile at each other.
TORMUND: I need a good drink to help me sleep the night before a fight. You want some? I have a jug of sour goat’s milk stronger than any of that grape water you southern twats like sucking on.
DAVOS: No, thanks. It does sound delicious, but I better keep a clear head. I can never sleep the night before a battle.
TORMUND: So what do you do all night?
DAVOS: I walk. Think and walk. Think and walk until I’m far enough away from camp that no one can hear me shitting my guts out.
TORMUND laughs.
TORMUND: Happy shitting.
TORMUND walks away.
MELISANDRE is sitting at a desk with a mirror and candles on it, staring into a fire pit. JON SNOW enters and approaches her.
JON SNOW: My lady. You weren’t at the war council.
MELISANDRE: I’m not a soldier.
JON SNOW: Any advice?
MELISANDRE: Don’t lose.
JON SNOW: If I do, if I fall, don’t bring me back.
MELISANDRE: I’ll have to try.
JON SNOW: I’m ordering you not to bring me back.
MELISANDRE: I am not your servant, Jon Snow.
JON SNOW: You’re in my camp. I’m the commander.
MELISANDRE: I serve the Lord of Light. I do what he commands.
JON SNOW: How do you know what he commands?
MELISANDRE: I interpret his signs as well as I can. If the Lord didn’t want me to bring you back, how did I bring you back? I have no power. Only what he gives me and he gave me you.
JON SNOW: Why?
MELISANDRE: I don’t know. Maybe you’re only needed for this small part of his plan and nothing else. Maybe he brought you here to die again.
JON SNOW: What kind of god would do something like that?
MELISANDRE: The one we’ve got.
JON SNOW stares into the fire pit and then exits.
DAVOS is walking alone through the snow. He happens upon a pile of wooden rubble and stops to inspect it. He sees a charred statuette of a stag in the wood and stops to pick it up. He looks back at the pile of wood. A horn blows in the distance. DAVOS looks in the direction of the horn, then hands his head.
TYRION (to THEON): Last time we saw each other was at Winterfell, yes? You were making jokes about my height, I seem to recall. Everyone who makes a joke about a dwarf’s height thinks he’s the only person ever to make a joke about a dwarf’s height. “The height of nobility,” “a man of your stature,” “someone to look up to.” You’re all making the same five or six jokes.
THEON: It was a long time ago.
TYRION: It was. And how have things been going for you since then? Not so well, I gather. Can’t imagine you would have murdered the Stark boys if things had been going well.
THEON: I didn’t murder the Stark boys. But I did things that were just as bad or worse.
YARA: And he paid for them.
TYRION: Doesn’t seem like it. He’s still alive. It was complicated for you, I’m sure, growing up at Winterfell. Never quite knowing who you were. But then, we all live complicated lives, don’t we?
DAENERYS: You’ve brought us 100 ships from the Iron Fleet with men to sail them. In return, I expect you want me to support your claim to the throne of the Iron Islands?
THEON: Not my claim. Hers.
DAENERYS: And what’s wrong with you?
THEON: I’m not fit to rule.
TYRION: We can agree upon that at least.
DAENERYS: Has the Iron Islands ever had a queen before?
YARA: No more than Westeros.
DAENERYS smiles.
THEON: Our Uncle Euron returned home after a long absence. He murdered our father and took the Salt Throne from yara. He would have murdered us if we had stayed.
DAENERYS: Lord Tyrion tells me your father was a terrible king.
YARA: You and I have that in common.
DAENERYS: We do. And both murdered by a usurper as well.
DAENERYS turns to TYRION.
DAENERYS: Will their ships be enough?
TYRION: With the former Masters’ fleet, possibly. Barely. There are more than 100 ships in the Iron Fleet.
THEON: There are and Euron is building more. He’s going to offer them to you.
DAENERYS: So why shouldn’t I wait for him?
THEON: The Iron Fleet isn’t all he’s bringing. He also wants to give you --
YARA: His big cock, I think he said. Euron’s offer is also an offer of marriage, you see. You won’t get one without the other.
DAENERYS: And I imagine your offer is free of any marriage demands?
YARA: I never demand, but I’m up for anything, really.
THEON: He murdered our father and would have murdered us. He’ll murder you as soon as you have what he wants.
TYRION: The Seven Kingdoms.
THEON: All of them.
DAENERYS: And you don’t want the Seven Kingdoms?
THEON: Your ancestors defeated ours and took the Iron Islands. We ask you to give them back.
DAENERYS: And that’s all?
YARA: We’d like you to help us murder an uncle or two who don’t think a woman’s fit to rule.
DAENERYS: Reasonable.
TYRION: What if everyone starts demanding their independence?
DAENERYS: She’s not demanding, she’s asking. The others are free to ask as well. Our father were evil men, all of us here. They left the world worse than they found it. We’re not going to do that. We’re going to leave the world better than we found it.
DAENERYS stands and approaches YARA.
DAENERYS: You will support my claim as queen of the Seven Kingdoms and respect the integrity of the Seven Kingdoms. No more reaving, roving, raiding, or raping.
YARA: That’s our way of life.
DAENERYS: No more.
YARA and THEON look at each other. THEON nods. YARA turns back to DAENERYS.
YARA: No more.
YARA extends her hand to DAENERYS. DAENERYS looks back at TYRION. TYRION makes a shaking motion with his hand. DAENERYS and YARA grab each other’s arms.
RAMSAY: Do you like games, little man? Let’s play a game. Run to your brother. The sooner you make it to him, the sooner you get to see him. That’s it. That’s the game. Easy. Ready? Go.
RICKON starts walking out into the field, then looks back at RAMSAY.
RAMSAY: No, you have to run, remember? Those are the rules.
A soldier approaches and hands RAMSAY his bow. RICKON starts running across the field. RAMSAY draws an arrow from his quiver. JON SNOW jumps on his horse and begins galloping across the field towards RICKON. RAMSAY notches an arrow and fires. The arrow lands in the ground next to RICKON. RAMSAY fires another arrow. It lands on the ground next to RICKON. JON SNOW and RICKON are getting closer. JON SNOW extends his hand out to RICKON. RAMSAY shoots another arrow. It misses. JON SNOW and RICKON are feet away from each other. An arrow pierces through RICKON’s chest from behind. RICKON falls to the ground. JON comes to a halt beside him and looks down at him. RICKON gasps and then dies. JON SNOW looks up at RAMSAY.
TORMUND (to himself): Don’t.
RAMSAY smiles and gives his bow back to the soldier.
DAVOS: Prepare to charge! Prepare to charge!
The Bolton archers draw and loose a volley of arrows. JON SNOW ushers his horse into a gallop straight towards the Bolton army.
DAVOS: Go! Go! Follow your commander!
TORMUND: Run and fight!
WUN WUN roars. The bulk of the Stark forces charge across the field towards the Boltons. JON SNOW continues to rush the Bolton forces alone. The Bolton arches released a volley of arrows, some of which land in the body of JON SNOW’s horse, causing him and his horse to tumble to the ground.
RAMSAY: Now.
KARSTARK: Cavalry, charge!
JON SNOW stands to face the Bolton cavalry, charging at him. He takes off his sword belt and draws his sword. The cavalry approaches. Just before it’s upon him, the Stark forces rush past JON SNOW and collide with the Bolton charge. Men on both sides die in the frenzy. Bodies and weaponry fly everywhere. Archers on both sides of the battlefield nock arrows and draw their bows.
DAVOS: We’ll just kill our own men. Stand down.
The Stark arches do not fire.
RAMSAY: Loose!
The Bolton archers fire. Their arrows rain down on Stark and Bolton men alike. In the fray, JON SNOW dodges several horses which gallop past him. One Bolton cavalryman charges with his horse, but JON SNOW cuts him down. JON SNOW rushes forward and kills a man on the ground, then slices the belly of a second man. A volley of arrows rains down around JON SNOW. He ducks. None of the arrows hit him. He returns to his feet and cuts down another man, dodges the strike of a passing Bolton cavalryman, and runs through another Bolton footsoldier. A Stark footsoldier helps him finish the Bolton man, and JON SNOW grabs him by the shirt.
JON SNOW: Get word --
The Stark footsoldier is taken in the head by an arrow. JON SNOW stares down at the man and then flies into a rage, killing two more Bolton soldiers. A third man runs at him but is knocked down by a galloping horse. JON SNOW runs over to where he landed and stabs him several times. A horseman gallops at JON SNOW with his ax ready, but a passing Stark cavalryman spears him. Another Bolton footsoldier approaches JON SNOW, but JON SNOW cuts him down. The bodies are beginning to pile up on the battlefield. RAMSAY’s archers loose several more volleys. JON SNOW goes into a frenzy, killing many Bolton men. The bodies have piled up high enough to create small mountains of bodies. Men continue to fight atop and around them.
DAVOS: We may as well be taking shits back here.
DAVOS dismounts his horse.
DAVOS: Follow!
DAVOS unsheathes his sword and charges across the field. The remainder of the Stark forces charge after him. On the other side of the battlefield, RAMSAY smiles and acknowledges SMALLJON.
RAMSAY: It’s time, go.
SMALLJON brandishes his sword and walks back and forth in front of his men.
SMALLJON: Who owns the North?
ALL: We do!
SMALLJON: Who owns the North?
ALL: We do!
SMALLJON: Show me!
SMALLJON and his men cheer and charge across the battlefield. JON SNOW continues fighting, but is knocked to the ground by a Bolton footsoldier. TORMUND appears and stabs the footsoldier through the back, then helps JON SNOW to his feet.
TORMUND: Hey!
WUN WUN and the Wildlings charge up behind TORMUND and JON SNOW. SMALLJON and his men are charging from the other side. WUN WUN points at them and grunts. A force of Bolton men appear bearing tall shields and spears. They create a half-circle around JON SNOW, TORMUND, DAVOS, WUN WUN, and the entire Stark forces. The other half of the circle is blocked by the piles of bodies on the battlefield. The shield soldiers set their shields firmly in the dirt, then point their spears inward towards the Stark forces.
MAN: Infantry, advance!
The shield soldiers grunt in unison, lift their shields, and move in towards the Stark forces. With each wave of movement, they stab more and more Stark soldiers with their spears. One Stark soldier tries to climb up over the piles of bodies but gets cut down by SMALLJON. SMALLJON and his men charge down over the bodies, taking the Stark forces from the rear.
DAVOS: With me, lads! Break their line!
WUN WUN rushes the shield wall and swipes at the spears. TORMUND jumps to the side of some spears and attacks a man behind the shield wall. Several other Stark men rush towards the shield wall. JON SNOW and other Stark soldiers defend against SMALLJON’s men. Many soldiers die on both sides, and the bodies begin to pile up again. WUN WUN rips a man in half. TORMUND pulls a shieldbearer down and kills him, but gets sliced across the arm and is fored to fall back among the Stark ranks.
MAN: Tormund!
MAN #2: Get him back!
The shieldbearers advance, pushing the Stark forces further in on themselves. More Stark men die.
TORMUND: Fuck this, come on!
TORMUND leads the Wildlings back towards the piles of bodies. JON SNOW and SMALLJON spot each other, but before they can engage, the Wildling charge overtakes them. In the fray, JON SNOW is pushes to the bottom of several bodies and starts getting crushed. He struggles to get out, but can’t get a hold. TORMUND faces off against SMALLJON. TORMUND punches SMALLJON in the face, and SMALLJON responds with an overhead swing of his sword. TORMUND blocks it. More and more bodies are piling on top of JON SNOW. He can see glimpses of clashes and flailing limbs above, but nothing else. He gasps for air. SMALLJON knocks TORMUND to the ground and punches him in the face multiple times. Men are dying all around JON SNOW as he is being trampled. JON SNOW grabs onto the clothes of a standing men and hoists himself up. He emerges in the center of a tightly packed group of his men and fills his lungs with air. He spots WUN WUN fighting off some shieldbearers. WUN WUN is stabbed in the side, grunts, and pulls the spear out. SMALLJON repeatedly headbutts TORMUND in the face. DAVOS and JON SNOW look at each other. A horn begins to sound in the distance. SMALLJON stops headbutting TORMUND. TORMUND seizes the opportunity and tears into the skin of SMALLJON’s neck with his teeth, then draws a small knife and stabs SMALLJON repeatedly. RAMSAY looks in the direction of the sounding horn. A force of cavalry appears across the battlefield carrying flags bearing the white falcon sigil of House Arryn. SANSA and PETYR BAELISH sit on horseback beside the charging Arryn cavalry. TORMUND kills SMALLJON and screams. The Arryn cavalry takes the Bolton shieldbearers from the rear, then circles around and knocks them all down. SANSA smiles. JON SNOW climbs up to the top of the piles of bodies and spots RAMSAY on his horse. WUN WUN and TORMUND climb up beside JON SNOW. RAMSAY sees JON SNOW, turns his horse around, and rides back towards Winterfell. JON SNOW, TORMUND, and WUN WUN chase after him. SANSA watches them go.
RAMSAY and several Bolton soldiers enter the courtyard through Winterfell’s main gate. Some men close and bar the gate behind them and they dismount.
RAMSAY: Their army’s gone.
MAN: Our army’s gone.
RAMSAY: We have Winterfell. They don’t have the men for a siege. All we have to do is wait.
Something thuds against the gate. RAMSAY turns to look at it. Several Bolton archers nock arrows. Several more thuds occur against the other side of the gate. WUN WUN busts a hole in the gate. BOLTON archers shoot arrows at his hand and down at his body over the side of the castle wall. WUN WUN roars and punches another hole in the gate. RAMSAY moves farther away from the gate’s interior. WUN WUN reaches in and grabs the wooden bar holding the gate, but a Bolton soldier throws a spear through the back of his hand. WUN WUN rips his hand away and then bursts through the gate, opening it. He sprints into the courtyard, then falls to his knees. The Bolton archers continue shooting arrows into him. He roars. Stark soldiers flood the courtyard and beginning killing the Bolton soldiers, quickly overtaking them. JON SNOW enters the courtyard and runs up beside WUN WUN. They look at each other. TORMUND runs up beside WUN WUN, on his other side. JON SNOW reaches out to WUN WUN, but RAMSAY shoots WUN WUN in the eye with an arrow, killing him.
RAMSAY (to JON SNOW): You suggested one on one combat, didn’t you?
Stark archers aim their bows at RAMSAY.
RAMSAY: I’ve reconsidered. I think that sounds like a wonderful idea.
RAMSAY notches an arrow. JON SNOW drops his sword and picks up a shield. RAMSAY aims at JON SNOW and fires. JON SNOW raises his shield and blocks the arrow. JON SNOW advances. RAMSAY nocks another arrow and fires. JON SNOW raises his shield and blocks the arrow. JON SNOW advances. RAMSAY nocks a third arrow and fires. JON SNOW raises his shield and blocks the arrow. JON SNOW advances. Before RAMSAY can nock a fourth arrow, JON SNOW overtakes him. JON SNOW bashes RAMSAY with his shield twice, knocking him over. JON SNOW drops his shield and jumps on top of RAMSAY, then punches him in the raise over and over. RAMSAY’s faces becomes mangled and bleeds. SANSA enters the courtyard. JON SNOW sees her and stops punching RAMSAY. He stands and walks away. The Bolton flags fall away from the walls of Winterfell and are replaced by Stark flags. MELISANDRE watches from a balcony. DAVOS, holding the charred stag statuette, stares up at her. Some Stark men carry RICKON’s body into the courtyard on a stretcher and stop in front of JON SNOW, TORMUND, and SANSA.
JON SNOW: We’re going to bury my brother in the crypt next to my father.
The stretcher men continue on. JON SNOW turns to walk away.
SANSA: Jon.
JON SNOW turns back to face SANSA.
SANSA: Where is he?
RAMSAY is tied to a chair inside the kennel gates. He is mangled and bleeding. He groans and coughs, then raises his head to see SANSA standing outside the gate.
RAMSAY: Ah. Sansa. Hello, Sansa. Is this where I’ll be staying now? No. Our time together is about to come to an end. That’s all right. You can’t kill me. I’m part of you now.
SANSA: Your words will disappear. Your house will disappear. Your name will disappear. All memory of you will disappear.
The dogs growl in their cells and begin filtering out into the kennel.
RAMSAY: My hounds will never harm me.
SANSA: You haven’t fed them in seven days. You said it yourself.
RAMSAY: They’re loyal beasts.
SANSA: They were. Now they’re starving.
The dogs growl. One approaches RAMSAY from the front and puts its front paws up on his legs. It sniffs RAMSAY’s face.
RAMSAY: Sit. Down! Down! Down! Down! Down!
The dog bites RAMSAY’s face. RAMSAY screams. The dogs converge on RAMSAY and begin tearing him apart. SANSA turns as though she might leave, but lingers for a moment to watch. SANSA turns and walks away, then smiles.
CREDITS
TOMMEN is being dressed by an attendant.
MARGAERY is being dressed by a handmaiden.
The HIGH SPARROW dresses himself in a roughspun tunic, sliding his hands through the sleeves one by one.
The attendant places a large golden necklace around TOMMEN’s neck.
The handmaiden finishes tying MARGAERY’s dress and fixes her hair.
The attendant places TOMMEN’s crown on top of his head. TOMMEN looks out the window.
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR
A pair of Faith Militant men open the main door to the Sept. A crowd of nobles filters inside.
LORAS sits in the back of his cell, muttering to himself. LANCEL and two other Faith Militant enter. LORAS cowers. The Faith Militant take hold of LORAS.
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR
The HIGH SPARROW and six other septons enter. They walk down the steps. MARGAERY appears in the crowd beside her father, MACE. She and the HIGH SPARROW exchange a glance as he walks by. The HIGH SPARROW and the other septons occupy seven chairs seated in a circle around the central chamber of the sept. MARGAERY looks around.
TOMMEN is sitting in a chair in the center of the room, looking out the window. His attendant enters.
ATTENDANT: Your Grace. The trial will be getting underway soon.
A handmaiden connects a golden chain between two golden shoulder fastenings on CERSEI’s dress.
TOMMEN says nothing. The attendant leaves.
The handmaiden places a ring on CERSEI’s middle finger.
PYCELLE is standing in front of a bureau. He picks up a piece of paper and reads it, then picks up his chain, places it around his neck, and looks in the mirror. A mistress lying on his bed stares at him in the reflection of the mirror.
MISTRESS: You got my money?
PYCELLE: Later. Go away.
The mistress stands and leaves. PYCELLE straightens himself out, sighs, and exits the room. In the hallway, he walks down a set of steps. A young girl appears on the steps behind him.
GIRL: Grand Maester.
PYCELLE turns back to look at her and walks over to her. He bends down and she whispers into his ear.
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR
LANCEL and a group of Faith Militant usher LORAS into the sept and down the steps. His hair has been shorn. MARGAERY stares at him. The Faith Militant lead him to the center of the room and move away. The HIGH SPARROW stands.
HIGH SPARROW: Ser Loras Tyrell. Are you prepared to stand trial and profess your guilt or innocence before the Seven?
LORAS: There’ll be no need for a trial. I confess before the Seven and freely admit to my crimes.
HIGH SPARROW: To which crimes will you be confessing?
LORAS: All of them. I lay with other men including the traitor Renly Baratheon.
The crowd murmurs.
LORAS: I perjured myself before the gods. I am guilty of depravity… dishonesty, profligacy, and arrogance. I see that now. I humble myself before the Seven and accept whatever punishment the gods deem just.
HIGH SPARROW: The gods’ judgment is fierce, but also fair. The Warrior punishes those who believe themselves beyond the reach of justice. But the Mother shows her mercy to those who kneel before her.
LORAS kneels.
LORAS: I take full responsibility for my many sins and unburden myself of my desires. My only remaining wish is to devote my life to the Seven. May I be a living example of their grace for others to witness.
HIGH SPARROW: You understand fully what this means?
LORAS: I do. I will abandon the Tyrell name and all that goes with it. I will renounce my lordship and my claims on Highgarden. I will never marry and I will never father children.
HIGH SPARROW: Brother Loras…
LORAS begins to cry.
HIGH SPARROW: ...I ask you to dedicate your life to the seven gods.
The HIGH SPARROW touches LORAS’ face. LORAS looks up at him.
HIGH SPARROW: Will you fight to defend your faith against heretics and apostates?
LORAS: I will.
The HIGH SPARROW smiles. The HIGH SPARROW nods. Two Faith Militant approach LORAS and take him by the arms. A third approaches him from behind, draws a knife, and begins carving the mark of the Seven into LORAS’ forehead. MACE stirs.
MACE: No, I can’t let them…
MARGAERY blocks her father with her arm.
MARGAERY: Faith is the way, Father.
LORAS whinces.
The handmaiden finishes dressing CERSEI and steps away from her.
Someone approaches TOMMEN.
TOMMEN: All right. I’m ready.
TOMMEN stands and turns around. GREGOR is standing in the doorway.
TOMMEN walks towards GREGOR. GREGOR puts his hand on TOMMEN’s shoulder, blocking his path.
The handmaiden exits. CERSEI looks over her shoulder.
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR
The Faith Militant has finished carving LORAS’s forehead. KEVAN watches from the crowd. MARGAERY has made her way to the floor in front of the HIGH SPARROW.
MARGAERY: You mutilated him. You gave me your word.
HIGH SPARROW: I’ve kept my word. Once the queen mother’s trial is concluded, Brother Loras is free to leave.
MARGAERY: And where is the queen mother?
LANCEL: Her litter never left the Red Keep.
HIGH SPARROW: It appears the queen mother doesn’t wish to attend her own trial.
CERSEI pours herself a glass of wine.
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR
HIGH SPARROW (to LANCEL): Go to the Red Keep and show her the way.
LANCEL nods and exits with several Faith Militant.
CERSEI walks to the balcony with her glass of wine.
LANCEL emerges onto the steps with the Faith Militant. He sees a boy running down the steps. The boy looks over his shoulder at LANCEL.
LANCEL: Get the others.
The other Faith Militant disperse. LANCEL looks over the railing and sees the boy enter a door at the foot of the steps.
The young girl opens the door and leads PYCELLE inside. PYCELLE looks around.
LANCEL runs to the door the boy entered and then goes inside. It leads to a tunnel. LANCEL sees the boy running down the tunnel with a lit torch. He starts after the boy.
PYCELLE walks down the steps and into the lab, then turns around to see QYBURN sitting in a chair behind him.
PYCELLE: Where’s the king?
QYBURN stands.
QYBURN: Elsewhere, I’m afraid.
QYBURN: Please, Grand Maester. I bear you no ill will. Please forgive me if you can.
PYCELLE turns around. A young boy emerges from the shadows with a knife.
LANCEL continues to follow the boy through the tunnels.
More children brandishing knives appear.
LANCEL runs down the tunnel after the boy.
QYBURN: This pains me, my lord. Whatever your faults, you do not deserve to die alone in such a cold, dark place. But sometimes before we can usher in the new, the old must be put to rest.
The girl who led PYCELLE into the room brandishes a knife.
LANCEL turns a corner and finds a smaller tunnel. He gets down on his hands and knees and crawls through it.
The children converge on PYCELLE. PYCELLE slaps one of them but is overwhelmed. The children stab him repeatedly with their knives, killing him. QYBURN watches.
LANCEL happens upon the boy’s torch and raises it up.
LANCEL: The longer you wait, the worse it’ll be for you.
LANCEL spies a side passageway lined with barrels. The boy sneaks up on him and stabs him in the side. LANCEL yells and falls to the ground. The boy runs away. LANCEL breathes heavily. The boy returns and looks at LANCEL.
LANCEL: What are you doing?
The boy runs away.
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR
The crowd is murmuring. MARGAERY looks around at them, then looks at LORAS. LORAS is hanging his head, his eyes downcast.
LANCEL looks down the tunnel and sees a glimmer of light. He drags himself through the dirt towards it.
CERSEI is standing at the balcony, staring out at the Great Sept of Baelor.
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR
MARGAERY looks around.
LANCEL crawls closer to the other end of the hall. There is a green glow all around him.
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR
MARGAERY hurries over to the HIGH SPARROW.
MARGAERY: There’s something wrong.
HIGH SPARROW: You have nothing to fear, Your Grace. The trial will begin shortly.
MARGAERY: Cersei is not here. Tommen is not here. Why do you think they are not here?
HIGH SPARROW: If the accused is not here, she will be tried regardless. We cannot escape the justice of the gods--
MARGAERY: Forget about the bloody gods and listen to what I’m telling you. Cersei understands the consequences of her absence and she is absent anyway, which means she does not intend to suffer those consequences. The trial can wait. We all need to leave.
The HIGH SPARROW scoffs and shakes his head.
LANCEL has almost reached the end of the tunnel. He sees green pools of liquid on the ground in front of two barrels with candles in their centers. The candles have almost burned down to nothing. He looks around at the casks lining the walls of the tunnel and pulls himself onward towards the candles.
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR
MARGAERY (to the crowd): We all need to leave now!
MARGAERY hurries over to LORAS. The crowd begins to stir. MARGAERY takes LORAS’ chin and lifts his face so his eyes meet hers.
MARGAERY: Loras. Stay with me.
MARGAERY ushers him towards the steps.
LANCEL groans as he pulls himself closer to the candles.
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR
MARGAERY hurries towards the exit with LORAS. The crowd begins to panic and also heads towards the exit. Two Faith Militant block MARGAERY’s path to the exit.
MARGAERY: Let me through. Let me through. Get out of my way.
MARGAERY pushes against the guards. The HIGH SPARROW looks around at the crowd.
MARGAERY: Let us through!
LANCEL reaches the candles. He tries to blow out the flame with his breath, but it won’t go out.
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR
MARGAERY looks over her shoulder at the HIGH SPARROW. They stare into each other’s eyes.
The flame from the candle touches the pool of green liquid and ignites it. The surrounding barrels are ignited and explode in a mass of green flame. LANCEL is incinerated. The explosion travels down the tunnel, igniting all of the barrels.
CUT TO: GREAT SEPT OF BAELOR
The sound of an explosion can be heard. The green flame erupts from the center of the sept, incinerating the HIGH SPARROW and then engulfing the entire sept, killing everyone inside. The sept crumbles from the force of the explosion. The bell from its tower is flung down into the city, smashing into a bystander. The flames rush out from the sept.
CERSEI watches the explosion. She cocks her head back, then smiles, sips her wine, and walks away.
GREGOR is standing in the hallway.TOMMEN is staring out the window at the explosion with his mouth hanging open. GREGOR exits.
SEPTA UNELLA is lying strapped to a table. CERSEI stands over her and pours wine in her face. SEPTA UNELLA sputters and struggles against her bindings.
CERSEI: Confess. Confess.
CERSEI raises a pitcher of wine over SEPTA UNELLA’s head.
SEPTA UNELLA: No.
CERSEI: Confess.
CERSEI pours the pitcher into SEPTA UNELLA’s face. SEPTA UNELLA sputters and struggles. When the pitcher is empty, SEPTA UNELLA gasps for air.
CERSEI: Confess. It felt good. Beating me, starving me, frightening me, humiliating me. You didn’t do it because you cared about my atonement. You did it because it felt good. I understand. I do things because they feel good. I drink because it feels good. I killed my husband because it felt good to be rid of him. I fuck my brother because it feels good to feel him inside me. I lie about fucking my brother… because it feels good to keep our son safe from hateful hypocrites. I killed your High Sparrow… and all his little sparrows… all his septons, all his septas, all his filthy soldiers, because it felt good to watch them burn. It felt good to imagine their shock and their pain. No thought has ever given me greater joy. Even confessing feels good under the right circumstances.
CERSEI touches SEPTA UNELLA’s face.
CERSEI: You’ve always been quiet.
CERSEI walks around the table.
CERSEI: I said my face would be the last thing you saw before you died. Do you remember?
SEPTA UNELLA: Good. I’m glad to see your face. I’m ready to meet the gods.
CERSEI: What? Now? Today? You’re not going to die today. You’re not going to die for quite a while. Ser Gregor.
GREGOR enters the room.
CERSEI: This is Ser Gregor Clegane. He’s quiet, too.
SEPTA UNELLA looks at GREGOR. GREGOR removes his helmet. His face is cloaked in shadow.
CERSEI: Your gods have forsaken you. This is your god now.
CERSEI walks towards the exit. GREGOR enters. His face is purple and mangled. He puts his helmet down on the table next to SEPTA UNELLA.
SEPTA UNELLA: No.
SEPTA UNELLA struggles against her bindings, then cries out in pain.
CERSEI: Shame.
CERSEI take hold of the door and closes it behind her.
CERSEI: Shame.
SEPTA UNELLA screams.
CERSEI: Shame.
CERSEI closes the latch on the door’s porthole and walks away. SEPTA UNELLA screams.
TOMMEN is staring out the window.
ATTENDANT: I’m very sorry, Your Grace. Very sorry.
The attendant exits. TOMMEN takes his crown off his head and walks to another part of the room. He returns to the window, stands up on the sill, and plummets off the edge.
INT. THE TWINSA banquet is underway. WALDER FREY is making a toast. JAIME and BRONN sit at the tables with the Frey and Lannister men, listening.
WALDER: For House Lannister!
MEN: Hear me roar!
The men cheer.
WALDER: For House Frey!
MEN: We stand together!
The men cheer.
WALDER: May we stand together through the centuries, good friends to the last.
The men cheer.
WALDER: And when we drive our swords through our enemies’ hearts, may we speak the words of our alliance, “The Freys and the Lannisters send their regards.”
The men cheer. A handmaiden looks at BRONN and then at JAIME.
BRONN: You don’t even have to do anything, do you?
JAIME looks at the handmaiden.
BRONN: You just sit there, a rich slab of beef, and all the birds come pecking.
JAIME: You’re welcome to her.
BRONN: She doesn’t want me. She wants your golden fingers up her twat.
JAIME nods at two women standing on the other side of the room.
JAIME: Those two have their eyes on you.
BRONN looks at the women.
BRONN: They have their eyes on you, cunt.
JAIME: Not my type.
BRONN: Not blonde enough?
JAIME: Ladies, have you met Ser Bronn of the Blackwater, hero of the Battle of Blackwater Bay.
JAIME looks at BRONN.
JAIME: There you go.
BRONN: Maybe I’m not in the mood.
The girls approach Bronn.
BRONN: Fuck it.
BRONN stands and approaches the girls.
BRONN: No need to call me ser just because I’m an anointed knight.
WALDER sits down next to JAIME.
WALDER: This came together rather well. Your father would be pleased.
JAIME: I’m sure he would be.
WALDER: Edmure is back in a cell. Can’t go killing my son by law. It wouldn’t be right. Give the family a bad name.
WALDER sips his wine.
WALDER: So the famous Blackfish killed by footsoldiers, eh? Legendary warrior, everyone said.
JAIME: Have you done much fighting yourself, Lord Frey?
WALDER: I’m a bit old for all that.
JAIME: No, but back in your day.
WALDER: The purpose of fighting is defeating your enemies, isn’t it?
JAIME nods.
WALDER: I’ve defeated mine. Riverrun belonged to House Tully for a thousand years. Now it’s mine. What do you call that? Victory.
JAIME: Yes, you’re a great conqueror.
WALDER: Go on, mock me, boy. You think I mind? The Tullys mocked me for years. The Starks mocked me. Where are they now? You talk about war as if you’re an expert but the one battle I remember you fighting, you were captured by Robb Stark, the Young Wolf. But it doesn’t matter. Here we are now, two kingslayers. We know what it’s like to have them grovel to our faces and snigger behind our backs. We don’t mind, do we? Fear is a marvelous thing.
JAIME: They don’t fear the Freys, though. They fear the Lannisters. We gave you the Riverlands to hold the Riverlands. If we have to ride north and take them back for you every time you lose them, why do we need you?
JAIME stands and exits. WALDER watches him go.
CERSEI and QYBURN are standing over TOMMEN’s body. His body is covered in a veil.
CERSEI: Show me.
QYBURN: Your Grace, there’s no need--
CERSEI: Show me.
QYBURN uncovers TOMMEN’s body. CERSEI stares at it.
QYBURN: What are your thoughts concerning the king’s funeral? As the Sept of Baelor is no longer an option, perhaps a ceremony in the throne room?
CERSEI: He should be with his grandfather, his brother, his sister. Burn him and bury his ashes where the sept once stood.
CUT TO: THE CITADEL
SAM and GILLY enter and walk to the front desk. A maester is sitting behind the desk, holding spectacles up to his eyes and reading.
SAM: Hello.
The maester keeps reading and then looks up at SAM, removing his spectacles.
SAM: From Lord Commander Snow at Castle Black.
SAM holds up a letter. The maester puts down his spectacles and opens his palm. SAM reaches across the table with the letter, offering it to the maester. The maester does not retrieve it. SAM presses himself against the desk, leans further in, and places the letter directly in the maester’s hand. The maester takes the letter, breaks the seal, and reads it.
The maester looks at SAM and then opens a large book. He flips a few pages.
MAESTER: Oh.
The maester points his finger to a line of text on the open page.
MAESTER: According to our records, Jeor Mormont is Lord Commander.
SAM: He died.
MAESTER: We received no report from the maester at Castle Black.
SAM: Maester Aemon became quite ill shortly after the election. He’s since passed away. Which is why I’m here.
MAESTER: This is irregular.
SAM: Yes, well, I suppose that life is irregular.
The maester stares blankly at SAM, then picks up a quill and crosses off two lines of text in the open book.
MAESTER: The archmaester will discuss these irregularities with you. In the meantime, you are permitted to use the library. Follow me.
The maester stands and begins walking away. SAM and GILLY start to follow him. He turns back and looks at GILLY.
MAESTER:  No women or children!
The maester turns and walks away. SAM makes several baffled gestures to GILLY and then follows the maester. They enter a small hallway full of books. The maester stops in front of a dark side passage and gestures towards it. SAM starts down the passage. The maester leaves. On his way through, SAM touches several of the books lining the shelves. SAM emerges onto the other side of the passage. The passage opens onto an enormous library with a chandelier dangling from the ceiling that reflects light. SAM gets teary and smiles.
JON SNOW is standing behind the high table, staring across the hall. MELISANDRE stands by his side.
JON SNOW: When we had feasts, our family would sit up here… and I’d sit down there.
JON SNOW points to the other end of the hall.
MELISANDRE: Could have been worse, Jon Snow. You had a family. You had feasts.
JON SNOW chuckles.
JON SNOW: Aye, you’re right. I was luckier than most.
DAVOS enters the hall and tosses the charred stag statuette at MELISANDRE. MELISANDRE catches it.
JON SNOW: What is that?
DAVOS: Tell him. Tell him who it belonged to.
MELISANDRE: The Princess Shireen.
DAVOS: Tell him what you did to her. Tell him!
MELISANDRE: We burned her at the stake.
DAVOS: Why?
MELISANDRE: The army was trapped. The horses were dying. It was the only way.
DAVOS: You burned a little girl alive!
MELISANDRE: I only do what my Lord commands!
DAVOS: If he commands you to burn children, your Lord is evil!
MELISANDRE: We are standing here because of him. Jon Snow is alive because the Lord willed it.
DAVOS: I loved that girl like she was my own. She was good. She was kind. And you killed her!
MELISANDRE: So did her father. So did her mother. Her own blood knew it was the only way.
DAVOS: The only way for what? They all died anyway! You told everyone Stannis was the one. You had him believing it, all of them fooled. And you lied.
MELISANDRE: I didn’t lie. I was wrong.
DAVOS: Aye, you were wrong. How many died because you were wrong?
DAVOS and MELISANDRE stare at each other in silence.
DAVOS (to JON SNOW): I ask your leave to execute this woman for murder. She admits to the crime.
JON SNOW (to MELISANDRE): Do you have anything to say for yourself?
MELISANDRE: I’ve been ready to die for many years. If the Lord was done with me, so be it, but he’s not. You’ve seen the Night King, Jon Snow. You know the great war is still to come. You know the army of the dead will be upon us soon. And you know I can help you win that war.
JON SNOW approaches MELISANDRE.
JON SNOW: Ride south today. If you return to the North, I’ll have you hanged as a murderer.
MELISANDRE puts the stag statuette down on the high table and begins to walk away. DAVOS moves in her way.
DAVOS: If you ever come back this way, I will execute you myself.
MELISANDRE moves past DAVOS and exits.
JON SNOW stands atop the outer wall watching MELISANDRE ride south on her horse. SANSA appears.
JON SNOW: I’m having the lord’s chamber prepared for you.
SANSA: Mother and Father’s room? You should take it.
JON SNOW: I’m not a Stark.
SANSA: You are to me.
JON SNOW: You’re the Lady of Winterfell. You deserve it. We’re standing here because of you. The battle was lost until the Knights of the Vale rode in. They came because of you. You told me Lord Baelish sold you to the Boltons.
SANSA: He did.
JON SNOW: And you trust him?
SANSA: Only a fool would trust Littlefinger. I should have told you about him, about the Knights of the Vale. I’m sorry.
JON SNOW approaches SANSA.
JON SNOW: We need to trust each other. We can’t fight a war amongst ourselves. We have so many enemies now.
JON SNOW touches SANSA’s face and kisses her on the forehead, then turns to walk away.
SANSA: Jon.
JON SNOW turns back to face SANSA.
SANSA: A raven came from the Citadel. A white raven. Winter is here.
JON SNOW smiles and looks up at the sky.
JON SNOW: Well, Father always promised, didn’t he?
JON SNOW exits. SANSA looks out at the wilderness.
OLENNA: The last time a Tyrell came to Dorne, he was assassinated. 100 red scorpions, was it?
ELLARIA: You have nothing to fear from us, Lady Olenna.
OLENNA: You murder your own prince, but you expect me to trust you?
OBARA: We invited you to Dorne because we needed your help. You came to Dorne because you needed our help?
OLENNA: What is your name again? Barbaro?
OBARA: Obara.
OLENNA: Obara. You look like an angry little boy. Don’t presume to tell me what I need.
NYMERIA: Forgive my sister. What she lacks in diplomacy, she makes--
OLENNA: Do shut up, dear.
OLENNA looks at TYENE.
OLENNA: Anything from you?
TYENE opens her mouth to speak.
OLENNA: No? Good. Let the grown women speak.
ELLARIA: The Lannisters have declared war on House Tyrell. They have declared war on Dorne. We must be allies now if we wish to survive.
OLENNA: Cersei stole the future from me. She killed my son. She killed my grandson. She killed my granddaughter. Survival is not what I’m after now.
ELLARIA: You’re absolutely right. I chose the wrong words. It is not survival I offer. It is your heart’s desire.
ELLARIA rings a bell.
OLENNA: And what is my heart’s desire?
ELLARIA: Vengeance. Justice.
VARYS emerges from a hallway.
VARYS: Fire and blood.
DAARIO: Your ships are nearly ready. I saw them painting the sails.
DAARIO pours himself a glass of wine.
DAARIO: I’m curious to see how the Dothraki do on the poison water.
DAENERYS: You’re not coming with us.
DAARIO: New strategy? You want the Second Sons to attack from the west coast? If we take Casterly Rock, the Lannisters will have nowhere to run when you hit King’s Landing.
DAARIO approaches DAENERYS and stands in front of her.
DAENERYS: You’re not going to Westeros. You’re staying here with the Second Sons. There’s finally peace in Meereen. You will keep the peace while the people choose their own leaders.
DAARIO sets his glass of wine down on a table.
DAARIO: Fuck Meereen. Fuck the people. I’m here for you, not them.
DAENERYS: You promised me. “My sword is yours. My life is yours.” This is what I command. If I’m going to rule in Westeros, I’ll need to make alliances. The best way to make alliances is with marriage.
DAARIO sits down.
DAARIO: Who are you marrying this time?
DAENERYS: I don’t know. Maybe no one.
DAARIO: But you need to lure all the noble houses to the table? Are you a queen or fish bait?
DAENERYS: I can’t bring a lover to Westeros.
DAARIO: A king wouldn’t think twice about it.
DAENERYS: So that’s what you want? To be my mistress?
DAARIO: I’m not proud. I don’t care what perfumed aristocrat sits beside you in the throne room. I don’t want a crown. I want you.
DAARIO approaches DAENERYS and kneels in front of her.
DAARIO: I love you. And I make you happy. You know I do. Bring me with you. Let me fight for you.
DAENERYS touches DAARIO’s face.
DAENERYS: I can’t.
DAARIO stands.
DAARIO: The dwarf told you to do this.
DAENERYS: No one tells me to do anything.
DAARIO: Clever fellow. Can’t argue with his logic. I’m no use to you over there.
DAENERYS: Don’t get angry.
DAARIO: I’m not angry. I’m full of self-pity. Who comes after you? Who can ever follow Daenerys Stormborn, the Mother of Dragons?
DAENERYS: A great number of women, I imagine. Specific orders will be left for you regarding the welfare of Meereen and the Bay of Dragons.
DAENERYS stands.
DAARIO: Bay of Dragons?
DAENERYS: We can’t call it Slaver’s Bay anymore, can we?
DAARIO: You’ll get that throne you want so badly, I’m sure of it. I hope it brings you happiness.
DAARIO sips his wine.
DAARIO: I pity the lord of Westeros. They have no idea what’s coming for them.
DAENERYS: Farewell, Daario Naharis.
DAARIO nods and exits.
TYRION is sitting off to the side of the room on a bench. DAENERYS enters, walking down the steps from the throne.
TYRION: How did he take it?
DAENERYS: No tears.
TYRION: I know it was hard for you. You turned away a man who truly loves you because he would have been a liability in the Seven Kingdoms. That’s the kind of self-sacrifice that makes for a good ruler, if it’s any consolation.
DAENERYS reaches the bottom of the steps and approaches TYRION.
DAENERYS: It’s not.
TYRION: No, I suppose not. I’m terrible at consoling.
DAENERYS sits down on the bench next to TYRION.
DAENERYS: Yes, you really are.
TYRION: All right, how about the fact that this is actually happening? You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your dragons. Everything you’ve ever wanted since you were old enough to want anything. It’s all yours for the taking. Are you afraid?
DAENERYS nods.
TYRION: Good. You’re in the great game now. And the great game’s terrifying. The only people who aren’t afraid of failure are madmen like your father.
DAENERYS: Do you know what frightens me? I said farewell to a man who loves me. A man I thought I cared for. And I felt nothing. Just impatient to get on with it.
TYRION: He wasn’t the first to love you and he won’t be the last.
DAENERYS: Well, you have completely failed to console me.
DAENERYS stands and turns to face TYRION.
TYRION stands on the bench.
TYRION: I believe in you. It’s embarrassing, really. I’d swear you my sword, but I don’t actually own a sword.
DAENERYS: It’s your counsel I need.
TYRION: It’s yours. Now and always.
DAENERYS: Good. I, um… I had something made for you. I’m not sure if it’s right.
DAENERYS pins a Hand of the King’s brooch on TYRION’s chest.
DAENERYS: Tyrion Lannister, I name you Hand of the Queen.
TYRION holds back tears, then kneels.
INT. THE TWINSWALDER FREY is sitting at the high table, eating and drinking. The rest of the dining hall is empty. A handmaiden approaches and sets down a platter of pie on the table in front of him.
WALDER: You’re not one of mine, are you?
HANDMAIDEN: No, my lord.
WALDER: Didn’t think so. Too pretty.
WALDER slaps the handmaiden on the buttocks and smiles.
WALDER: Where are my damn moron sons? Black Walder and Lothar promised to be here by midday.
HANDMAIDEN: They’re here, my lord.
WALDER: Well, what are they doing, trimming their cunt hairs? Tell them to come here now.
HANDMAIDEN: But they’re already here, my lord.
WALDER looks around the hall. The handmaiden points to the pie.
HANDMAIDEN: Here, my lord.
WALDER pulls back the top layer of the pie. A finger protrudes from the center of the slice.
HANDMAIDEN: They weren’t easy to carve. Especially Black Walder.
WALDER breathes heavily.
WALDER: What…
The handmaiden reaches up to her face and pulls it away, revealing her true identity is ARYA.
ARYA: My name is Arya Stark. I want you to know that. The last thing you’re ever going to see is a Stark smiling down at you as you die.
ARYA brandishes a knife. WALDER gets up to run, but ARYA grabs him and pulls him back down. She grabs him by the forehead and slits his throat. He convulses and groans as he dies. ARYA smiles and stares at him.
PETYR: Forgive me, my lady… if you’re at prayer.
SANSA: I’m done with all that. I came here every day when I was a girl. I prayed to be somewhere else. Back then I only ever thought about what I wanted, never about what I had.
SANSA stands and walks towards PETYR.
SANSA: I was a stupid girl.
PETYR: You were a child.
SANSA: What do you want?
PETYR: I thought you knew what I wanted.
SANSA: I was wrong.
PETYR: No, you weren’t. Every time I’m faced with a decision, I close my eyes and see the same picture. Whenever I consider an action, I ask myself will this action help to make this picture a reality? Pull it out of my mind and into the world? And I only act if the answer is yes. A picture of me on the Iron Throne… and you by my side.
PETYR leans in to kiss SANSA, but SANSA puts her hand on his chest to stop him.
SANSA: It’s a pretty picture.
SANSA walks past PETYR.
PETYR: News of this battle will spread quickly through the Seven Kingdoms. I’ve declared for House Stark for all to hear.
SANSA: You’ve declared for other houses before, Lord Baelish. It’s never stopped you from serving yourself.
PETYR: The past is gone for good. You can sit here mourning its departure or you can prepare for the future. You, my love, are the future of House Stark. Who should the North rally behind? A trueborn daughter of Ned and Catelyn Stark born here at Winterfell or a motherless bastard born in the south?
SANSA exits.
EXT. BEYOND THE WALLBENJEN stares up at The Wall. BRAN and MEERA wait nearby.
BENJEN: This is where I leave you.
MEERA: You’re not coming with us?
BENJEN: The Wall is not just ice and stone. Ancient spells were carved into its foundations. Strong magic to protect men from what lies beyond. And while it stands, the dead cannot pass. I cannot pass.
BENJEN approaches his horse and lifts BRAN off of it. He carries BRAN to the foot of a nearby weirwood, then walks back to his horse.
MEERA: Where will you go?
BENJEN: The great war is coming and I still fight for the living. I’ll do what I can… as long as I can.
BENJEN mounts his horse.
BRAN: Thank you, Uncle Benjen.
BENJEN: I wish you both good fortune.
BENJEN rides away. BRAN looks at the weirwood and then starts to crawl towards it. MEERA helps him. BRAN reaches out to the weirwood but MEERA grabs his wrist.
MEERA: Are you sure you’re ready for this?
BRAN:I’m the Three-Eyed Raven now. I have to be ready for this.
BRAN touches the weirwood tree.
LYANNA: Ned?
NED: Lyanna.
NED rushes to LYANNA’s side.
LYANNA: Is that you? Is that really you?
LYANNA lifts her hand. NED takes it.
LYANNA: You’re not a dream.
NED: No, I’m not a dream. I’m here. Right here.
LYANNA: I’ve missed you, big brother.
NED begins to cry.
NED: I’ve missed you, too.
LYANNA: I want to be brave.
NED: Shh. You are.
LYANNA: I’m not.
NED lifts his hand from LYANNA’s stomach. His palm is covered in blood.
LYANNA: I don’t want to die.
NED: You’re not going to die.
NED looks at the handmaiden.
NED: Get her some water!
LYANNA: No, no water.
NED: Is there a maester?
LYANNA: Please. Listen to me, Ned.
LYANNA whispers in NED’s ear.
LYANNA: If Robert finds out, he’ll kill him, you know he will. You have to protect him. Promise me, Ned. Promise me.
The handmaiden hands NED the child.
LYANNA: Promise me, Ned. Promise me.
NED stares down at the baby. The baby opens its eyes. Zoom on the baby’s face.
VALE KNIGHT: You can’t expect Knights of the Vale to side with wildling invaders.
TORMUND: We didn’t invade. We were invited.
VALE KNIGHT: Not by me.
JON SNOW stands.
JON SNOW: The free folk, the northerners, and the Knights of the Vale fought bravely, fought together, and we won. My father uses to say we find our true friends on the battlefield.
One of the houses’ representatives stands.
MAN: The Boltons are defeated. The war is over. Winter has come. If the maesters are right, it’ll be the coldest one in a thousand years. We should ride home and wait out the coming storms.
JON SNOW: The war is not over. And I promise you, friend, the true enemy won’t wait out the storm. He brings the storm.
The men begin to murmur. LYANNA MORMONT stands.
LYANNA: Your son was butchered at the Red Wedding, Lord Manderly. But you refused the call. You swore allegiance to House Stark, Lord Glover, but in their hour of greatest need, you refused the call. And you, Lord Cerwyn, your father was skinned alive by Ramsay Bolton. Still you refuse the call. But House Mormont remembers. The North remembers. We know no king but the King in the North whose name is Stark. I don’t care if he’s a bastard. Ned Stark’s blood runs through his veins. He’s my king from this day until his last day.
The men resume murmuring. LORD MANDERLY stands.
MANDERLY: Lady Mormont speaks harshly and truly. My son died for Robb Stark, the Young Wolf. I didn’t think we’d find another king in my lifetime. I didn’t commit my men to your cause ‘cause I didn’t want more Manderlys dying for nothing. But I was wrong. Jon Snow avenged the Red Wedding. He is the White Wolf. The King in the North.
MANDERLY draws his blade, then rests it point-down on the ground and kneels. LORD GLOVER stands.
GLOVER: I did not fight beside you on the field and I will regret that until my dying day. A man can only admit when he was wrong and ask forgiveness.
JON SNOW: There’s nothing to forgive, my lord.
GLOVER: There will be more fights to come. House Glover will stand behind House Stark as we have for a thousands years. And I will stand behind Jon Snow… the King in the North!
GLOVER draws his blade, then rests it point-down on the ground and kneels.
GLOVER: The King in the North!
Everyone in the hall stands and draws their blades.
ALL: The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North! The King in the North!
JON SNOW stands. SANSA and PETYR look at each other.
JAIME: Come on.
JAIME rides on.
CERSEI enters, escorted by GREGOR and the Kingsguard. The room is full of nobles and city soldiers. QYBURN stands next to the Iron Throne, holding a crown. CERSEI and GREGOR approach the throne. CERSEI stands in front of the throne. JAIME enters through a side passage and watches.
QYBURN: I now proclaim Cersei of the House Lannister First of Her Name, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Protector of the Seven Kingdoms.
QYBURN places the crown on CERSEI’s head. CERSEI sits in the Iron Throne. She and JAIME look at each other.
QYBURN: Long may she reign.
ALL: Long may she reign.
EXT. SUMMER SEATHEON and YARA are standing on their ship. They look out at the sea. A vessel appears with a dragon as its ram. GREY WORM and the Unsullied are riding in it. Hundreds of other ships are sailing around them. Some of the ships carry the Dothraki and their horses. DROGON, VISERION, and RHAEGAL fly overhead. They fly over the boat leading the convoy DAENERYS, TYRION, VARYS, and MISSANDEI are riding in it. DAENERYS and TYRION look at each other, then DAENERYS looks out at the ocean ahead. The dragons screech.
CREDITS
WALDER FREY: You're wonder why I brought you all here. After all, we just had a feast. Since when does old Walder give us two feasts in a single fortnight?
The Freys laugh.
WALDER FREY: Well, it's no good being lord of the Riverlands if you can't celebrate with your family. That's what I say!
The Freys cheer and slam their fists on their tables. WALDER snaps his fingers at a servant girl. The girl begins serving flasks of wine.
WALDER FREY: I've gathered every Frey who means a damn thing so I can tell you my plans for this great house now that winter has come. But first, a toast! No more of that Dornish horse piss! This is the finest Arbor gold! Proper wine for proper heroes!
The Freys cheer. WALDER raises his glass.
WALDERY FREY: Stand together!
The Freys stand in unison.
ALL: Stand together!
The Freys drink. WALDER holds his cup to his lips but does not drink. The servant girl picks up her cup and motions to drink.
WALDER: Not you. I'm not wasting good wine on a damn woman.
WALDER addresses the hall again.
WALDER: Maybe I'm not the most pleasant man. I'll admit it. But I'm proud of you lot. You're my family, the men who helped me slaughter the Starks at the Red Wedding.
The Freys cheer.
WALDER: Yes, yes. Cheer. Brave men, all of you. Butchered a woman pregnant with her babe. Cut the throat of a mother of five. Slaughtered your guests after inviting them into your home. But you didn't slaughter every one of the Starks.
Some of the Freys groan.
WALDER: No, no, that was your mistake. You should have ripped them all out, root and stem.
The Freys choke, cough, and spit up blood.
WALDER: Leave one wolf alive and the sheep are never safe.
The Freys collapse and die. WALDER takes hold of his own face and removes it, revealing ARYA's face. ARYA turns to the servant girl.
ARYA: When people ask you what happened here, tell them the North remembers. Tell them winter came for House Frey.
ARYA walks through the hall, staring at the Frey bodies. She smiles and exits.
TITLE SEQUENCEEXT. BEYOND THE WALLThe wind blows over the tundra. A dark cloud starts forming on the horizon, growing larger until it consumes everything. A white walker rides into view, accompanied by several other white walkers. The army of the dead files through the darkness. An undead giant walks into view. Zoom on the giant's eye.
BRAN is lying in his sled. His eyes are pure white. They wash to their normal color. MEERA is standing in front of him, holding the ropes to the sled. The gate rises. DOLOROUS EDD walks through the gate, accompanied by several members of the Night's Watch.
EDD: You wildlings?
MEERA: I'm Meera Reed, daughter of Howland Reed. This is Brandon Stark, son of Ned Stark.
EDD: How do I know that's true?
BRAN raises his head and stares at EDD.
BRAN: You were at the Fist of the First Men. You were at Hardhome. You've seen the Army of the Dead. You've seen the Night King. He's coming for us. For all of us.
EDD pauses and looks down, then looks to his men.
EDD: Okay, come on. Let's get them inside.
Two Night's Watch men sheathe their swords, approach BRAN's sled, grab the ropes, and pull him inside the gate. MEERA follows. EDD lingers and stares out into the wild, then turns on his heel and walks through the gate. The gate closes behind him.
JON: I want every northern maester to scour their records for any mention of dragonglass. Dragonglass kills white walkers. It's more valuable to us now than gold. We need to find it, we need to mine it, we need to make weapons from it. Everyone aged 10 to 60 will drill daily with spears, pikes, bow and arrow.
ROBETT: It's about time we taught these boys of summer how to fight.
The northern lords laugh.
JON: Not just the boys.
BRIENNE looks at JON.
JON: We can't defend the North if only half the population is fighting.
ROBETT stands.
ROBETT: You expect me to put a spear in my granddaughter's hand?
LYANNA stands.
LYANNA: I don't plan on knitting by the fire while men fight for me. I might be small, Lord Glover, and I might be a girl, but I am every bit as much a Northerner as you.
ROBETT: Indeed you are, my lady. No one has questioned--
LYANNA: And I don't need your permission to defend the North.
DAVOS smiles. LYANNA turns to JON.
LYANNA: We'll begin training every man, woman, boy, and girl on Bear Island.
The men pound their tables and shout in agreement. ROBETT nods at LYANNA. ROBETT and LYANNA sit.
JON: While we're preparing for attack, we need to shore up our defenses. The only thing standing between us and the Army of the Dead is the Wall and the Wall hasn't been properly manned in centuries. I'm not the king of the Free Folk.
JON looks at TORMUND. TORMUND turns and looks at JON.
JON: But if we're going to survive this winter together...
TORMUND grunts and stands.
TORMUND: You want us to man the castles for you?
The men murmur.
JON: Last time we saw the Night King was at Hardhome. The closest castle to Hardhome is Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
TORMUND: Then that's where I'll go. Looks like we're the Night's Watch now.
TORMUND sits.
JON: If they breach the wall, the first two castles in their path are Last Hearth and Karhold.
YOHN stands.
YOHN: The Umbers and the Karstarks betrayed the North. Their castles should be torn down with not a stone left standing.
SANSA: The castles committed no crimes. And we need every fortress we have for the war to come. We should give the Last Hearth and Karhold to new families, loyal families who supported us against Ramsay.
ALL: Aye!
YOHN sits.
JON: The Umbers and the Karstarks have fought beside the Starks for centuries. They've kept faith for generation after generation.
SANSA: And then they broke faith.
JON: I'm not going to strip these families of their ancestral homes because of the crimes of a few reckless sons.
SANSA: So there's no punishment for treason and no reward for loyalty?
The hall goes silent.
JON: The punishment for treason is death. Smalljon Umber died on the field of battle. Harald Karstark died on the field of battle.
SANSA: They died fighting for Ramsay. Give the castles to the families of the men who died fighting for you.
The men chatter and pound the tables.
JON: When I was Lord Commander of the Night's Watch I executed men who betrayed me. I executed men who refused to follow orders. My father always said, "The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword," and I have tried to live by those words. But I will not punish a son for his father's sins, and I will not take a family home away from a family it has belonged to for centuries. That is my decision, and my decision is final.
JON stares at SANSA. SANSA looks away. JON addresses the hall.
JON: Ned Umber.
NED UMBER, a boy, stands.
JON: Alys Karstark.
ALYS KARSTARK, a young woman, stands. NED and ALYS approach the high table.
JON: For centuries, our families fought side by side on the battlefield. I ask you to pledge your loyalty once again to House Stark, to serve as our bannermen and come to our aid whenever called upon.
NED and ALYS unsheathe their swords and kneel.
JON: Stand.
NED and ALYS stand.
JON: Yesterday's wars don't matter anymore. The North needs to band together, all the living north. Will you stand beside me, Ned and Alys, now and always?
NED & ALYS: Now and always!
The men cheer and pound the tables.
JON walks briskly along the walkway. SANSA follows him.
JON: You are my sister, but I am king now.
SANSA: Will you start wearing a crown?
JON: When you question my decisions in front of the other lords and ladies, you undermine me.
SANSA: So I can't question your decisions anymore?
JON: Of course you can, but--
SANSA: Joffrey never let anyone question his authority. You think he was a good king?
JON stops walking. SANSA walks past him, then stops and turns to face him.
JON: Do you think I'm Joffrey?
SANSA: You're as far from Joffrey as anyone I've ever met.
JON: Thank you.
JON stares out at the yard below.
SANSA: You're good at this, you know.
JON: At what?
SANSA: At ruling.
JON sighs.
JON: No.
SANSA: You are. You are. They respect you, they really do, but you have to--
JON chuckles.
SANSA: Why are you laughing?
JON continues walking. SANSA follows.
JON: What did father used to say? Everything before the word "but" is horse shit.
SANSA: He never said that to me.
JON: No. No, he never cursed in front of his girls.
SANSA: Because he was trying to protect us. He never wanted us to see how dirty the world really is, but Father couldn't protect me and neither can you. Stop trying.
JON: All right, I'll stop trying to protect you and you stop trying to undermine me.
SANSA: I'm not trying to undermine you.
SANSA grabs JON's arm and spins him to face her.
SANSA: You have to be smarter than Father. You need to be smarter than Robb. I loved them, I miss them, but they made stupid mistakes, and they both lost their heads for it.
JON: And how should I be smarter? By listening to you?
SANSA: Would that be so terrible?
MAESTER WOLKAN approaches.
WOLKAN: A raven from King's Landing, Your Grace.
WOLKAN hands a bound note to JON, then bows and leaves. JON unravels the note.
JON: "Cersei of House Lannister, First of Her Name, Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Protector of the Seven Kingdoms--"
SANSA: What does she want?
JON: Come to King's Landing. Bend the knee or suffer the fate of all traitors.
SANSA: You've been so consumed with the enemy to the north, you've forgotten about the one to the south.
JON: I'm consumed with the Night King because I've seen him. And believe me, you'd think of little else if you had, too.
SANSA: We still have a wall between us and the Night King. Theres nothing between us and Cersei.
JON: There's a thousand miles between us and Cersei. Winter is here. The Lannisters are a southern army. They've never ranged this far north.
SANSA: You're the military man, but I know her. If you're her enemy, she'll never stop until she's destroyed you. Everyone who's ever crossed her, she's found a way to murder.
JON: You almost sound as if you admire her.
SANSA: I learned a great deal from her.
JAIME: What is this?
CERSEI: Its what we've been waiting for our whole lives. It's what Father trained us for, whether he knew it or not.
JAIME: He knew it. Made me memorize every damn city, town, lake, forest, and mountain.
CERSEI: It's ours now, we just have to take it.
CERSEI turns to face JAIME.
CERSEI: You've been quiet since you came home. Are you angry with me?
JAIME: No, not angry.
CERSEI: Are you afraid of me?
JAIME: Should I be?
CERSEI: Daenerys Targaryen has chosen Tyrion to be her Hand. Right now, they're sailing across the Narrow Sea, hoping to take back her father's throne. Our little brother, the one you love so much, the one you set free, the one who murdered our father and our first-born son, now he stands beside our enemies and gives them counsel. He's out there somewhere at the head of an armada. Where will they land?
JAIME: Dragonstone.
JAIME approaches the depiction of Dragonstone in the mural and stands over it.
JAIME: They have deep-water ports for the ships. Stannis left the castle unoccupied, and that's where she was born.
CERSEI: Enemies to the east.
CERSEI walks towards Dorne on the mural.
CERSEI: Enemies to the south--Ellaria Sand and her brood of bitches.
CERSEI walks towards Highgarden on the mural.
CERSEI: Enemies to the west--Olenna, the old cunt. Another traitor.
CERSEi walks towards the North on the mural.
CERSEI: Enemies to the north. Ned Stark's bastard has been named King in the North and that murdering whore Sansa stands beside him. Enemies everywhere. We're surrounded by traitors. You're in command of the Lannister army now. How do we proceed?
JAIME: Winter is here. We can't win a war if we can't feed our men and our horses. The Tyrells have the grain, the Tyrells have the livestock.
CERSEI: Will the Tyrell bannermen stand alongside a Dothraki horde and Unsullied slave soldiers?
JAIME: If they think Daenerys will win. No one wants to fight on the losing side. Right now, we look like the losing side.
CERSEI: I'm the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms.
JAIME: Three kingdoms, at best. I'm not sure you understand how much danger we're in.
CERSEI: I understand we're in a war for survival. I understand whoever loses dies. I understand whoever wins could launch a dynasty that lasts a thousand years.
JAIME: A dynasty for whom? Our children are dead. We're the last of us.
CERSEI: A dynasty for us, then.
JAIME: We never talked about Tommen.
CERSEi turns and walks to a nearby table and pours herself a glass of wine.
CERSEI: There's nothing to say.
JAIME: Our baby boy killed himself.
CERSEI: He betrayed me. He betrayed us both. Should we spend our days mourning the dead--mother, father, and all our children?
JAIME: Cersei--
CERSEI: I loved them. I did. But they're ashes now and we're still flesh and blood. We're the last Lannisters, the last ones who count.
JAIME: Even Lannisters can't survive without allies. Where are our allies now? You saw what happened to Walder Frey and his family.
CERSEI: I heard. How could we ever trust a man like that?
JAIME: We couldn't. He was a useless, old coward, but the Freys supported us. Now they're all dead. Whoever killed them is no friend of ours. We need allies. Stronger, better allies. We can't win this war alone.
CERSEI: You think I listened to Father for 40 years and learned nothing?
Ships bearing the kraken sigil of House Greyjoy are sailing into port. CERSEI and JAIME watch the boats from the shore, escorted by GREGOR CLEGANE and several other guards.
JAIME: The Greyjoys? You invited the Greyjoys to King's Landing?
CERSEI: Not all of them.
JAIME: Well, it looks like all of them.
CERSEI: I invited Euron Greyjoy, the new King of the Iron Islands. You said yourself we needed stronger, better allies. There you are.
JAIME: How are they better allies? How are they different from the Freys? They both broke their promises and murdered their former friends as soon as it suited them.
CERSEI: So does everyone when it suits them. Unlike the Freys, they have ships. And they're good at killing.
JAIME: They're not good at anything. I know the Ironborn. They're bitter, angry little people. All they know how to do is steal things they can't build or grow themselves.
CERSEI: Euron Greyjoy didn't come here for that.
JAIME: Oh, what did he come here for, then?
CERSEI: A queen.
CERSEI exits, followed by GREGOR and the guards.
CERSEI sits on the Iron Throne, flanked by JAIME and GREGOR. EURON GREYJOY stands at the foot of the throne. Guards line the hall.
EURON: The moment I was chosen Lord of the Iron Islands, they turned on me. Their own uncle. They stole my best ships and ran. Sailed the right across the world and gave them to the Dragon Queen so she could bring her armies here to attack you.
EURON points at CERSEI.
EURON: It's nothing compares to the treason you suffered at the hands of a family members, from what I hear. But still, it bothers me. Murdering them would make me feel a lot better. And since it appears that all our treasonous family members are fighting for the same side, I thought we rightful monarchs could murder them together.
EURON starts walking up towards the throne. GREGOR takes a step towards him. EURON stops walking and looks up at him.
JAIME: You're not a rightful monarch, though, are you?
EURON smiles and walks backwards off the steps. GREGOR returns to his previous position.
JAIME: The Greyjoys rebelled agains the throne for the right to be monarchs, but as I recall, you were soundly defeated. Come to mention it, weren't you the one who started that rebellion by sailing to Casterly Rock and burning the Lannister fleet? You certainly caught us there. Very smart move on your part. Of course, we all made it to the Iron Islands anyway. I was there.
EURON: I remember very well. I saw you. I heard so much talk. The best in the world. No one can stop him. I didn't believe it, to be honesty. But I must say, when you rushed through the breach and started cutting people down...it was glorious. Like a dance.
JAIME: The people I was cutting down were your own kin.
EURON: The place was getting crowded. I enjoyed watching it. I truly did.
JAIME: And I enjoyed killing Greyjoys.
EURON: A good thing for me. If you hadn't crushed us, I wouldn't have gone into exile. If I hadn't done that, I wouldn't be the greatest captain on the 14 seas.
CERSEI: If not the most humble.
EURON: You're not humble. You're the queen of a great nation. You don't care about the Iron Islands. They're nothing but rocks and bird shit and--and a lot of very unattractive people. The Iron Fleet, on the other hand, that's something else entirely. It's the greatest armada Westeros has ever seen. With the Iron Fleet, you own the seas. You can defeat the invaders of the east and the pretenders of the north and south.
CERSEI: What do you want in return?
EURON: Ever since I was a little boy, I wanted to grow up and mary the most beautiful woman in the world. So here I am, with a thousand ships and two good hands.
EURON raises his arms. JAIME's face twists.
CERSEI: I decline your proposal.
EURON: Why?
CERSEI: You're not trustworthy. You've broken promises to allies before and murdered them at the nearest opportunity. You murdered your own brother.
EURON: You should try it. Feels wonderful.
EURON chuckles. JAIME looks at CERSEI.
EURON: I don't expect you to trust me outright. You need proof of my honest intentions. In my experience, the surest way to a woman's heart is with a gift. A priceless gift. I won't return to King's Landing until I have that for you.
EURON turns and exits the Great Hall.
SAM retrieves a bedpan from beneath one of the beds. He gags.
SAM opens the lid of the toilet. He coughs, empties a bedpan, then cleans out a bedpan.
SAM is carry a stack of books. A maester walks by and places another book on top of the pile as he passes. SAM grunts and sighs.
A number of maesters are gathered for a meal. SAM pours soup into their bowls.
SAM places books on the shelves. He looks at a gate.
SAM retrieves a bedpan from beneath one of the beds. He gags.
SAM pours soup into a maester's bowl.
SAM opens the lid of the toilet. He empties a bedpan and sighs.
A maester places a book on top of the pile SAM is carrying. SAM places books on the shelves.
SAM empties a bedpan.
SAM pours soup into a maester's bowl.
SAM retrieves a bedpan from beneath one of the beds.
SAM gags. He pours water and places down a bedpan.
SAM pours soup into a maester's bowl.
SAM empties a bedpan. He retches. He pours water and cleans a bedpan.
SAM pours soup into a maester's bowl.
SAM pours water and places down a bedpan.
SAM pours soup into a maester's bowl.
SAM opens the toilet and empties a bedpan. He places down a bedpan and pours water.
SAM places books on the shelves. A maester places a book on top of the pile he's carrying. He puts more books on the shelves.
SAM continues his duties.
SAM wipes his brow. He stares at the gate, then looks over his shoulder, then back at the gate. He walks over to the gate, takes hold of the bars, and looks through. The gate rattles. He focuses on an open book. He hears a chain rattling, hurries to a bookshelf,
and pretends to be placing a book on it. A maester comes around the corner, walks down past him to the gate, unlocks it, enters, and locks it behind him. SAM watches him.
ARCHMAESTER MARWYN is performing an autopsy. SAM stands on the other side of the table, watching.
MARWYN: Ah, Maester Weyland. A drinker's liver if ever I saw one.
MARWYN removes the liver and hands it to SAM.
MARWYN: Weigh that.
SAM walks over to the scales.
MARWYN: The triumph of transitory pleasures. Mankind's curse.
SAM puts the liver on one side of the scale and places weights on the other side.
SAM: Archmaester, I was wondering...
MARWYN: What's the weight?
SAM: Um, 147.
MARWYN walks over to an open ledger, picks up a quill, and writes the number 147.
SAM: I was wondering if you had considered my proposition.
MARWYN: I don't remember your proposition.
SAM: I asked you if, in light of what I've seen in the North, if I could have access to the restricted area of the library.
MARWYN: That area is reserved for maesters. Are you a maester?
SAM: No.
MARWYN: Not a very strong proposition, is it?
MARWYN hands SAM the heart. SAM takes it to the scales.
SAM: Archmaester, with respect, I've seen them--the Army of the Dead. The white walkers. W was sent here to learn how to defeat them, but everyone in the Citadel, those who will even talk to me, they all doubt the walkers ever existed in the first place.
MARWYN: Everyone in the Citadel doubts everything. It's their job. But the tales of the Long Night can't be pure fabrication. Too many similarities from unconnected sources.
SAM: Sources in the restricted area?
MARWYN: The very same. And the simplest explanation for your grating obsession with the white walkers is that you're telling the truth and that you saw what you say you saw.
SAM: So, you believe me.
MARWYN: I do. You'll finish weighing that heart?
SAM: That makes you the only person south of the Twins who does.
MARWYN: We're not lie the people south of the Twins. And we're not like the people north of the Twins. In the Citadel, we lead different lives for different reasons. We are this world's memory, Samwell Tarly. Without us, men would be little better than dogs. Don't remember any meal but the last, can't see forward to any but the next. And every time you leave the house and shut the door, they howl like you're gone forever. When Robert's Rebellion was raging, people that the end was near. The end of the Targaryen dynasty. "How will we survive?" When Aegon Targaryen turned his eye westward and flew his dragons to Blackwater Rush--"The end is near! How will we survive?" And thousands of year before that, during the Long Night, we can forgive them for thinking it truly was the end. But it wasn't. None of it was. The Wall has stood through it all. And every winter that ever came has ended.
MARWYN closes the ledger.
MARWYN: Be a good lad. Clean this up.
MARWYN exits. SAM stares at the body.
SAM rolls in a cart of clean bedpans. He walks over to a sleeping maester and grabs a ring of keys fro his bedside table.
SAM opens the gate, steps through, and closes it behind him.
He grabs several books and stuffs them in a satchel.
BRIENNE: Nope.
They reset. POD advances and they exchange several sword blows but POD missteps again and BRIENNE tags him on the behind. POD grunts.
BRIENNE: Nope.
TORMUND approaches and stares at BRIENNE. BRIENNE looks at him. POD catches her off guard and tags her shoulder with his blade. She punches him in his gut and tosses him in the snow. TORMUND looks at POD.
TORMUND: You're a lucky man.
PETYR BAELISH and SANSA stand on a walkway above the courtyard, watching BRIENNE and POD.
PETYR:  I've heard she beat the Hound in single combat. She's a very impressive woman.
SANSA: What do you want, Lord Baelish?
PETYR: I want you to be happy. I want you to be safe.
SANSA: I am safe. I'm at home, surrounded by friends. I have Brienne to protect me from anyone who would harm me.
PETYR: What about happy? Why aren't you happy? What do you want that you do not have?
SANSA: At the moment, peace and quiet.
BRIENNE walks up the stairs. PETYR motions to speak.
SANSA: No need to seize the last word, Lord Baelish. I'll assume it was something clever.
PETYR looks at BRIENNE.
PETYR: My lady.
PETYR looks at SANSA.
PETYR: My lady.
PETYR walks down the steps and into the courtyard.
BRIENNE: Why is he still here?
SANSA sighs.
SANSA: We need his men. Without the Vale, Ramsay Bolton would still hold this castle. Littlefinger saved us.
BRIENNE nods and watches PETYR walk across the courtyard.
BRIENNE: He wants something.
SANSA: I know exactly what he wants.
MAN (singing): He rode through the streets of the city / Down from his hill on high / O'er the winds and the steps and the cobble / He rode to a woman's sigh / For she was his secret treasure / She was his shame and his bliss / And a chain and a keep are nothing / Compared to a woman's kiss / For hands of gold are always cold / But a woman's hands are warm / For hands of gold are always cold / But a woman's hands are--
ARYA's horse neighs. The men turn to look at her. One stands.
ARYA: That's a pretty song. I've never heard it before.
MAN: It's a new one.
MAN #2: Are you hungry? We've got some rabbit.
ARYA: I don't want to steal your food.
MAN #3: You're not stealing, we're offering. Come on, it's gonna be a cold night.
ARYA dismounts her horse, leads it nearer to the fire, and ties it reigns off on a tree. She approaches the camp.
MAN #3: You heading south?
ARYA: King's Landing.
MAN #2: Poor girl.
The men chuckle.
ARYA: Not so bad, is it?
MAN #3: Depends on your taste, I guess. If you like your streets covered in shit and pig's blood, it's the town for you.
The men chuckle.
MAN #2: All my life, I wanted to see the Red Keep, the Sept of Baelor, the Dragonpit. Then when I finally make it, they wouldn't let me within a mile of the Red Keep, the Sept of Baelor's blown to hell, and the Dragonpit is a damn ruin.
MAN #3: The people who live there, they'd skin you alive if they could make two coppers off your hide.
MAN: Worst place in the world.
ARYA: What are you doing in the Riverlands?
MAN #3: There's been some trouble with the Freys up at The Twins, so we're part of the army that's been sent to keep the peace.
MAN #2: Here you go. Guests first.
MAN #2 passes ARYA a cooked rabbit.
ARYA: Oh, no, I couldn't. You don't have enough.
MAN #2: My mother always told me to be kind to strangers. Strangers will be kind to you.
ARYA pulls some meat of the rabbit's bone and eats it.
ARYA: You're a long way from home. I'm sure you've had some adventures, though.
MAN #2: Yeah, endless adventures. They'll be singing about us for a thousand years.
The men laugh.
MAN #3; The truth is when we left home, we couldn't wait to get away. But now we've been gone a while, we can't wait to get home.
MAN #2: I just think about my dad out there on his boat all alone. I ought o be out there with him.
MAN #3: My wife's just had our first baby.
ARYA: Boy or girl?
MAN #3: Oh, who knows? You think soldiers get ravens with news from home?
The men laugh.
MAN #3: I hope it's a girl.
ARYA: Why?
MAN #3: Girls take care of their papas when their papas grow old. Boys just go off to fight in someone else's wars.
MAN #2: Are you old enough to drink?
ARYA nods. MAN #2 passes a skin of wine to ARYA. She uncorks it and drinks.
MAN #2: It's blackberry wine. I made it myself.
ARYA: It's really good.
MAN #3: So, why is a nice girl on her own heading to King's Landing?
ARYA drinks.
ARYA: I'm going to kill the queen.
The men fall silent, then everyone laughs.
The farm is covered in snow and the wind howls. SANDOR CLEGANE, THOROS OF MYR, BERIC DONDARRION, and several other members of the Brotherhood Without Banners ride into view.
THOROS: Bad night to be outdoors.
SANDOR: You've got real powerful magic to figure that out. Did the Lord of Light whisper that in your ear? "It's snowing, Thoros. It's windy. It's gonna be a cold night."
THOROS: You're a grouchy old bear, aren't you, Clegane? You want some rum?
THOROS holds out a skin of rum to SANDOR.
SANDOR: Don't like that shit. It's too sweet.
THOROS: Why are you always in such a foul mood?
SANDOR: Experience.
The horses all stop.
BERIC: This seems like a good place to spend the night.
They all stare at a nearby farmhouse.
SANDOR: These people don't want us here.
BERIC: Seems deserted to me. No livestock. No smoke coming from the chimney.
BERIC urges his horse onward. The others follow.
SANDOR: I don't like the look of it.
THOROS dismounts his horse.
THOROS: For a big, hard man, you scare easy.
SANDOR: I'll tell you what doesn't scare me: bald cocksuckers like you. You think you're fooling anyone with that top knot? Bald cunt.
THOROS smiles.
THOROS: Come on. Maybe they've got some ale hidden away.
SANDOR: They don't.
Some of the Brothers enter the farmhouse, followed by THOROS.
THOROS: See if there's a larder. They always leave something behind.
The Brothers rummage around the farmhouse. SANDOR enters.
He stares at two skeletons in the corner, one adult-sized and the other child-sized. BERIC enters, sees the skeletons, and walks up beside SANDOR.
BERIC: How do you think it ended for them?
SANDOR: With death.
BERIC: Girl died in her father's arms. Both of them covered in blood and a knife at their feet. I'd say they were starving. And rather than letting his little girl suffer, he ended it for both of them.
SANDOR: Doesn't matter now.
BERIC: No, doesn't matter now.
SANDOR sits at the table. BERIC joins him. SANDOR bites into a hunk of bread. THOROS starts a fire in the fireplace.
SANDOR: I've known you a long time, Dondarrion.
BERIC: Aye. I think the first time we met was at that tournament--
SANDOR: And I always thought you were dull as dirt.
BERIC chuckles.
SANDOR: You're not bad. I don't hate you. Don't like, but you're not bad.
BERIC: Thank you, Clegane. That warms the heart.
SANDOR: But there's nothing special about you.
BERIC: You're right about that.
SANDOR: So why does the Lord of Light keep bringing you back? I've met better men than you, and they've been hanged from crossbeams, or beheaded, or just shat themselves to death in a field somewhere. None of them came back. So, why you?
BERIC: You think I don't ask myself that? Every hour of every day? Why am I here? What am I supposed to do? What does the Lord see in me?
SANDOR: And?
BERIC: I don't know. I don't understand our Lord.
SANDOR: Your Lord.
BERIC: I don't know what He wants from me. I only know that He wants me alive.
SANDOR: If he's so all-powerful, why doesn't he just tell you what the fuck he wants?
THOROS: Clegane.
SANDOR looks at THOROS, who is kneeling by the fire.
THOROS: Come over here. Don't worry. The fire won't bite. I want to show you something.
SANDOR: It's my fucking luck I end up with a band of fire worshippers.
BERIC: Aye. Almost seems like divine justice.
SANDOR: There's no divine justice, you dumb cunt. If there was, you'd be dead...and that girl would be alive.
SANDOR stands and walks closer to the fire.
SANDOR: What do you want?
THOROS: Look into the flames.
SANDOR: I don't want to look in the damn flames.
THOROS: You saw me bring him back from the dead after you cut him down. Don't you want to know what gave me the power?
SANDOR: I keep asking and no one wants to tell me.
THOROS: We can't tell you. Only the fire can tell you.
SANDOR approaches the fire and looks into it.
THOROS: What do you see?
SANDOR: Logs burning.
THOROS: Keep looking. What do you see?
SANDOR's face twists.
SANDOR: Ice. A wall of ice. The Wall.
THOROS: What else?
SANDOR: It's where the Wall meets the sea. There's a castle there.
The fire crackles.
SANDOR: There's a mountain. Looks like an arrowhead. The dead are marching past.
BERIC stands and approaches the fire.
SANDOR: Thousands of them.
BERIC: Do you believe me now, Clegane? Do you believe we're here for a reason?
Thoros wakes to the sound of shoveling. He picks up his sword and a lantern and exits the farmhouse. SANDOR is outside digging a grave.
THOROS: What the hell are you doing, Clegane?
SANDOR plants his shovel in the ground.
SANDOR: Burying the dead.
SANDOR walks over to the body of the child, lifts it up, kneels down, and places it in the hole.
THOROS: You knew these people.
SANDOR: Not really.
SANDOR stands, walks over to the body of the adult, lifts it up, kneels down, and places it in the hole. Then he stands and starts shoveling dirt into the hole. THOROS plants his sword in the ground and puts down his lantern, then picks up a shovel and begins helping SANDOR bury the bodies. When they're finished,
they stand over the grave.
SANDOR: We ask the Father to judge us with mercy. We ask the Mother to... Fuck it, I don't remember the rest. I'm sorry you're dead. You deserved better. Both of you.
SANDOR tosses down his shovel and exits. THOROS watches him leave.
LITTLE SAM: Mom.
GILLY turns to SAM.
GILLY: You should really sleep, Sam.
SAM: The dead don't.
GILLY stands, carries a book over to the table, and sits.
GILLY: "Legends of the Long Night."
GILLY opens the book.
SAM: The Targaryens used dragonglass to decorate their weapons without even knowing what the First Men used it for.
SAM sighs and turns the page. There is a diagram of a knife on the page. He turns the page again. There is a map on the page. SAM looks more closely at the map.
GILLY: What is it?
SAM: It's a map of Dragonstone. The Targaryens built their first stronghold there when they invaded Westeros.
SAM points to a section of the map depicting a cave surrounded by a black mass.
GILLY: That's dragonglass?
SAM: A mountain of it. Beneath the ground. Stannis told me, but I didn't think... This is important. Jon needs to know.
SAM grabs a quill and begins writing.
SAM wheels a cart along the hall. He removes a bowl from a folded-out plank in the door beside him and folds the plank back up. He puts the bowl on the cart and pushes it further down the hall. He approaches the next door, picks up the bowl, and folds in the plank. A man can be heard vomiting and coughing inside. SAM puts the bowl on the cart and pushes it further down the hall. He approaches the next door and reaches for the bowl, but a hand lurches out from the hole in the door and grabs the bowl. SAM jumps backwards and gasps. The arm of the person behind the door is covered in grayscale, revealing it belongs to JORAH MORMONT. JORAH drops the bowl on the floor.
JORAH: Has she come yet?
SAM: Who?
JORAH: The Dragon Queen. Daenerys Stormborn.
SAM: Haven't heard anything.
JORAH pulls his hand back inside the cell. SAM approaches and folds up the plank.
Everyone gets out of the rowboat. DAENERYS walks on ahead. She kneels down and presses her palm to the sand, then stares up at the castle and walks further down the beach. The others follow. They climb the steps and approach a gate flanked by two statues of dragon heads. Two Unsullied approach the gate and push it open, revealing a walkway up to the castle. DAENERYS, TYRION, MISSANDEI, GREY WORM, and VARYS walk through the gates and up the walkway. They enter the foyer. A tapestry bearing the stag sigil of House Baratheon is hanging off to the side. DAENERYS approaches it and tears it down. DAENERYS approaches a set of doors. Two Unsullied open them for her. She enters the throne room, followed by the others. VARYS and MISSANDEI stop following her. GREY WORM starts to continue onward but MISSANDEI puts her hand on his chest to stop him. DAENERYS approaches the throne and stares at it. TYRION looks around the hall. DAENERYS ascends the steps but walks past the throne into the Chamber of the Painted Table. TYRION follows. DAENERYS walks alongside the table and runs her fingers across it. TYRION walks alongside the table opposite her and stares at the dragon carvings on the wall. DAENERYS stands at the head of the table and stares down at the map of Westeros. TYRION looks at her.
DAENERYS: Shall we begin?
CREDITS
TYRION: On a night like this, you came into the world.
VARYS: I remember that storm. All the dogs in King's Landing howled through the night.
DAENERYS: I wish I could remember it.
DAENERYS turns away from the window and walks over to the table.
DAENERYS: I always thought this would be a homecoming. It doesn't feel like home.
TYRION: We won't stay on Dragonstone for long.
DAENERYS: Good.
DAENERYS looks at the figurines placed on the table
DAENERYS: Not so many lions.
VARYS: Cersei controls fewer than half the Seven Kingdoms. The lord of Westeros despise her. Even before your arrival, they plotted against her. Now...
DAENERYS: They cry out for their true queen? They drink secret toasts to my health?
DAENERYS walks closer to VARYS.
DAENERYS: People used to tell my brother that sort of thing, and he was stupid enough to believe them.
DAENERYS picks up a dragon figurine from the table.
DAENERYS: If Viserys had three dragons and an army at his back, he'd have invaded King's Landing already.
TYRION: Conquering Westeros would be easy for you. But you're not here to be queen of the ashes.
DAENERYS: No.
DAENERYS puts down the dragon figurine.
TYRION: We can take the Seven Kingdoms without turning it into a slaughterhouse. If the great houses support your claim against Cersei, the game is won. With the Tyrell army and the Dornish on our side, we have powerful allies in the south.
DAENERYS looks at VARYS.
DAENERYS: I never properly thanked you for that.
VARYS: They joined our side, my queen, because they believe in you.
DAENERYS: You served my father, didn't you, Lord Varys?
VARYS: I did.
DAENERYS: And then you served the man who overthrew him?
VARYS: I had a choice, Your Grace--serve Robert Baratheon or face the headman's axe.
DAENERYS: But you didn't serve him long. You turned against him.
VARYS: Robert was an improvement on your father, to be sure. There have been few rulers in history as cruel as the Mad King. Robert was neither mad nor cruel. He simply had no interest in being king.
DAENERYS: So you took it upon yourself to find a better one.
TYRION: Your Grace, when I was ready to drink myself into a small coffin, Lord Varys told me about a queen in the east who--
DAENERYS (to VARYS): Before I came to power, you favored my brother. All your spies, your little birds, did they tell you Viserys was cruel, stupid, and weak? Would those qualities have made for a good king in your learned opinion?
VARYS: Until your marriage to Khal Drogo, Your Grace, I knew nothing about you, save your existence and that you were said to be beautiful.
DAENERYS: So you and your friends traded me like a prized horse to the Dothraki.
VARYS: Which you turned to your advantage.
DAENERYS: Who gave the order to kill me?
VARYS: King Robert.
DAENERYS: Who hired the assassins?
DAENERYS walks closer to VARYS.
DAENERYS: Who sent word to Essos to murder Daenerys Targaryen?
VARYS: Your Grace, I did what had to be done to--
DAENERYS: To keep yourself alive.
TYRION: Lord Varys has proven himself a loyal servant.
DAENERYS: Proven himself loyal? Quite the opposite. If he dislikes one monarch, he conspires to crown the next one. What king of a servant is that?
VARYS: The kind the realm needs. Incompetence should not be rewarded with blind loyalty. As long as I have my eyes, I'll use them. I wasn't born into a great house. I came from nothing. I was sold as a slave and carved up as an offering. When I was a child, I lived in alleys, gutters, abandoned houses. You wish to know where my true loyalties lie? Not with any king or queen, but with the people. The people who suffer under despots and prosper under just rule. The people whose hearts you aim to win. If you demand blind allegiance, I respect your wishes. Grey Worm can behead me or your dragons can devour me. But if you let me live, I will serve you well. I will dedicate myself to seeing you on the Iron Throne because I choose you. Because I know the people have no better chance than you.
DAENERYS: Swear this to me, Varys. If you ever think I'm failing the people, you won't conspire behind my back. You'll look me in the eye as you have done today, and you'll tell me how I'm failing them.
VARYS: I swear it, my queen.
DAENERYS: And I swear this--if you ever betray me, I'll burn you alive.
VARYS smiles.
VARYS: I would expect nothing less from the Mother of Dragons.
GREY WORM: Forgive me, my queen. A red priestess from As'shai has come to see you.
MELISANDRE is standing alone in the throne room. DAENERYS enters, accompanied by TYRION, VARYS, MISSANDEI, and GREY WORM. They approach MELISANDRE.
MELISANDRE begins speaking Valyrian.
MELISANDRE:  Queen Daeneys, I was a slave once, bought and sold, scourged and branded.  It is an honor to meet the Breaker of Chains.
DAENERYS:  The Red Priests helped bring peace to Meereen.  You are very welcome here.  What is your name?
MELISANDRE:  I am called Melisandre.
VARYS begins speaking English.
VARYS:  She once served another who wanted the Iron Throne.  It didn't end well for Stannis Baratheon, did it?
MELISANDRE:  No, it didn't.
DAENERYS:  You chose an auspicious day to arrive at Dragonstone.
DAENERYS turns to look at Varys.
DAENERYS:  We've just decided to pardon those who served the wrong king.
VARYS bows his head to DAENERYS.  DAENERYS turns back to MELISANDRE.
DAENERYS:  The Lord of Light doesn't have  many followers in Westeros, does he?
MELISDANDRE:  Not yet.   But even those who don't worship the Lord can serve his cause.
DAENERYS:  What does your Lord expect from me?
MELISANDRE begins speaking Valyrian again.
MELISANDRE:  The Long Night is coming.  Only the prince who was promised can bring the dawn.
DAENERYS speaking in English.
DAENERYS:  The prince who was promised will bring the dawn.  I'm afraid I'm not a prince.
MISSANDEI:  Your Grace, forgive me, but your translation is not quite accurate.  That noun has no gender in High Valyrian, so the proper translation for that prophecy would be the prince or princess who was promised will bring the dawn.
TYRION:  Doesn't really roll off the tongue, does it?
DAENERYS:  No, but I like it better.
DAENERYS turns back to MELISANDRE.
DAENERYS:  And you believe this prophecy refers to me?
MELISANDRE:  Prophecies are dangerous things.  I believe you have a role to play, as does another.  The King in the North, Jon Snow.
TYRION:  Jon Snow?  Ned Stark's bastard?
DAENERYS:  You know him?
TYRION:  I traveled with him to the Wall when he joined the Night's Watch.
VARYS:  And why do you think the Lord of Light singled out this Jon Snow aside from the visions you've seen in the flames, that is?
MELISANDRE:  As Lord Commander of the Night's Watch he allowed the Wildlings south of the Wall to protect them from great danger.  As King in the North he has united those Wildlings with the northern houses so together they may face their common enemy.
DAENERYS:  He sounds like quite a man.
MELISANDRE:  Summon Jon Snow.  Let him stand before you and tell you things that have happened to him, the things that he has seen with his own eyes.
TYRION:  I can't speak to prophecies or visions in the flames, but I like Jon Snow and I trusted him, and I am an excellent judge of character.
DARNERYS smiles at Tyrion.
TYRION:  If he does rule the north, he would make a valuable ally.  The Lannisters executed his father and conspired to murder his brother.  Jon Snow has even more reason to hate Cersei than you do.
DAENERYS pauses for a moment.
DAENERYS:  Very well.  Send a raven north.  Tell Jon Snow that his Queen invites him to come to Drangonstone...and bend the knee.
Young boys and girls are practicing archery.  JON, SANSA and DAVOS stand on the upper level watching the training.
SANSA:  Do you think it's really Tyrion?  It could be someone trying to lure you into a trap.
JON:  Read the last bit.
SANSA:  "All dwarfs are bastards in their father's eyes."  What does that mean?
JON:  It's something he said to me the first night we met.  You know him better than any of us.  What do you think?
SANSA:  Tyrion is not like the other Lannisters.  He was always kind to me, but it's too great a risk.  "The Seven Kingdoms will bleed as long as Cersei sits on the Iron Throne.  Join us.  Together we can end her tyranny."
DAVOS:  Sounds like a charmer.  Of course, the casual mention of a Dothraki horde, a legion of Unsullied and three dragons, a bit less charming.
DAVOS pauses to ponder something.
JON:  What?
DAVOS:  Fire kills Whites, you told me.  What breathes fire?
SANSA:  You're not suggesting Jon meet with her?
DAVOS:  No, too dangerous.
JON:  But?
DAVOS:  But if the Army of the Dead makes it passed the Wall, do we have enough men to fight them?
JON gazes back to the courtyard looking concerned.
CERSEI sits on the Iron Throne.  She is surrounded by JAIME, QYBURN, THE MOUNTAIN and members of her Queensguard.  Many lords are in attendance including RANDYLL TARLEY.
CERSEI:  If the Mad King's daughter takes the Iron Throne, she will destroy the Realm as we know it.  Some of you are bannermen of House Tyrell.  But House Tyrell is in open rebellion against the Crown.  With their help the Mad King's daughter has ferried an army of savages to our shores.  Mindless Unsullied soldiers who will destroy your castles and your holdfasts.  Dothraki heathens who will burn your villages to the ground, rape and enslave your women, and butcher your children without a second thought.  This is how Olenna Tyrell rewards centuries of service and loyalty.
The lords begin murmuring amongst themselves.
CERSEI:  You all remember the Mad King.  You remember the horrors he inflicted upon his people.  His daughter is no different.  In Essos her brutality is already legendary.  She crucified hundreds of noblemen in Slaver's Bay.  And when she grew bored of that, she fed them to her dragons.
The lords murmur louder
CERSEI:  It is my solemn duty to protect the people, and I will but I need your help, My Lords.  We must stand together, all of us, if we hope to stop her.
RANDYLL TARLEY slowly approaches the throne.
RANDYLL:  She has three full-grown dragons, Your Grace.  The same as Aegon when he conquered the Seven Kingdoms.  How do you propose to stop them?
CERSEI glances over to QYBURN.
QYBURN:  We are currently at work on a solution, My Lord.
The meeting disbands.  All the lords walk out into the hall outside of the throne room.  JAIME approaches RANDYLL TARLEY and begins to walk with him.
JAIME:  Lord Tarley.
RANDYLL:  Ser, Jaime.  I believe you know my son.
DICKON:  Ser, Jaime.
JAIME:  Rickon, isn't it?
DICKON:  Dickon.
JAIME:  That's it.
JAIME walks past Dickon and begins a discussion with Randyll
JAIME:  Thank you for coming.  The other lords of the Reach look to you for guidance now more than ever.  They might not have come if you hadn't.
RANDYLL:  If my queen summons me, I answer the call.  And I've heard what she does to those that defy her.
JAIME and RANDYLL walk to an unoccupied hallway and continue their conversation.
JAIME:  Do you ride for Hornhill today?
RANDYLL:  I have an army to mobilize.  It won't be long until the fighting starts.
JAIME:  And what side will you be fighting for?  You were the only man to defeat Robert Baratheon in battle.  Not even Rhaegar Targaryen could --
RANDYLL:  It's a long ride back to the reach, Ser Jaime.  How may I serve?
JAIME:  I want you to be my ranking general in the wars to come.  I want you to swear allegiance to Cersei and I want you to help her destroy her enemies.  All of her enemies.
RANDYLL:  Including Olenna Tyrell?  I'm a Tarley.  That name means something.  We're not oath breakers.  We're not schemers.  We don't stab our rivals in the back or cut their throats at weddings.   I swore an oath to House Tyrell.
JAIME:  You swore an oath to the Crown as well, Lord Tarley.
RANDYLL:  I've known Olenna since I was a child.
JAIME:  She was a great woman, once.  Now she's broken.  She wants revenge so badly she brought the Dothraki to our shores.  The Dothraki in Westeros for the first time in history.  I know you don't like my sister, but you have to make a choice.  Do you fight with us or with the foreign savages and eunuchs?
RANDYLL nods his head in agreement
JAIME:  When the war is won the queen will need a new warden of the south.  I can think of no better man than Randyll Tarley.
ARCHMAESTER MARWYN, SAMWELL and JORAH are standing together in the quarantine room.  JORAH's upper body is covered in Greyscale except his face.
MARWYN:  The infection has spread too far.  You should have cut off your arm the moment you were touched.
JORAH:  How long?
MARWYN:  It will be years before it kills you.  It could be 10, could be 20.
JORAH:  But how long 'till...
MARWYN:  Your mind?  Six months, maybe fewer.
JORAH sighs and sits down on his bed.  SAMWELL approaches MARWYN.
SAMWELL: Pardon, Archmaester.  I met Stannis Baratheon's daughter at Castle Black.  She had Greyscale as a baby and was cured.  Isn't there some way --
MARWYN:  Does this look like a baby to you?
SAMWELL:  No.
MARWYN:  Have you studied the varying rates of Greyscale progression in infants and fully grown men?
SAMWELL:  No.
MARWYN:  Maester Chrissen discovered Shireen Baratheon's affliction immediately.
MARWYN turns to face JORAH.
MARWYN:  This is quite advanced and beyond our skills, Ser.  Were you a commoner I'd have you shipped to Valyria at once to live out your life with the Stone Men.  As an anointed Knight I'll allow you one more day.  How you choose to spend that time is up to you.
JORAH nods his head.  MARWYN turns to leave the room and begins walking to the door.
MARWYN:  Come, Samwell.
SAMWELL:  Should we send word to your family, Ser...
JORAH:  Jorah.  Jorah Mormont.
SAMWELL:  Mormont?
JORAH:  There's no need.  I've been dead to them for years.
MARWYN is waiting for SAMWELL in the hallway
MARWYN:  Come, Samwell.
SAMWELL turns and walks out of the room.  He closes the door to the quarantine room.
QYBURN and CERSEI are walking along the torch lit dungeon passing the dragon skulls.
QYBURN:  Have you ever been down here, Your Grace?
CERSEI:  No, I can't say I have.  I haven't seen these since Robert had them removed from the Throne Room.
QYBURN:  Curious that King Robert did not have them destroyed.
CERSEI:  They were his trophies.  He couldn't keep them around.  They would have made him look small.  Sometimes he would come down here and look at them.  I believe he brought his whores on occasion.
QYBURN and CERSEI arrive at the end of the dungeon.  They are looking at the largest dragon skull in the room.
QYBURN:  Balerion the Dread.  The beast that Aegon rode across the sea.  Its flames forged the Iron Throne and brought the Seven Kingdoms to heel.  Powerful, but not invincible.
QYBURN turns and starts walking away from the dragon skull.
QYBURN:  Apparently one of Daenarys' dragons was wounded by spears in the fighting pits of Meereen.  If they can be wounded, they can be killed.
QYBURN walks up to a machine covered by a cloth.  He reaches up and removes the cloth revealing an artillery-sized crossbow aimed at Balerion's skull.
QYBURN:  The finest artilleters and blacksmiths in King's Landing have been laboring day and night, Your Grace.  If you'd kindly pull that lever.
CERSEI releases a lever on the machine and launches a giant bolt directly into Balerion's eye socket.  The bolt buries deep into the skull and gets stuck.  CERSEI stands behind the machine smirking.
DAENERYS, YARA GREYJOY, THEON GREYJOY, ELLARIA SAND, OLENNA TYRELL, VARYS, GREY WORM, MISSANDEI, and TYRION LANNISTER are standing around a carved table of Westeros having a discussion.
YARA:  If you want the Iron Throne, take it.  We have an army, a fleet, and three dragons.  We should hit King's Landing now.  Hard.  With everything we have.  The city will fall within a day.
TYRION:  If we turn the dragons loose, tens of thousands will die in the firestorms.
ELLARIA looks at TYRION with disgust.
ELLARIA:  It's called war.  You don't have the stomach for it, scurry back into hiding.
TYRION:    I know how you wage war.  We don't poison little girls here.  Myrcella was innocent.
ELLARIA:  She was a Lannister.  There are no innocent Lannisters.  My greatest regret is that Oberyn died fighting for you.
DAENERYS:  That's enough.  Tyrion is the Hand of the Queen.  You will treat him with respect.
DAENERYS pauses for a moment.
DAENERYS:  I am not here to be queen of the ashes.
OLENNA addresses DAENERYS from across the table.
OLENNA:  That's very nice to hear.  Of course, I can't remember a queen who was better loved than my grand daughter.  The common people loved her, the nobles loved her.  And what is left of her now?  Ashes.  Commoners, nobles, they're all just children really.  They won't obey you unless they fear you.
DAENERYS:  I'm grateful to you, Lady Olenna, for your council.  I'm grateful to all of you.  But you have chosen to follow me.  I will not attack King's Landing.  We will not attack King's Landing.
OLEANNA:  Then how do you mean to take the Iron Throne?  By asking nicely?
DAENERYS:  We will lay siege to the capital surrounding the city on all sides.  Cersei will have the Iron Throne but no food for her army or the people.
TYRION:  But we won't use Dothraki and Unsullied.
TYRION begins walking around the carved table of Westeros.
TYRION:  Cersei will try to rally the lords of Westeros by appealing to their loyalty, their love for their country.  If we besiege the city with foreigners, we prove her point.  Our army should be Westerosi.
ELLIA:  And I suppose we're providing the Westerosi?
TYRION:  You are.
TYRION reaches down and picks up a figurine that resembles a Kraken in a longship.
TYRION:  Lady Greyjoy will escort you home to Sunspear and her Iron Fleet will ferry the Dornish army back up to King's Landing.
TYRION walks to the south of the map and picks up a figurine that resembles a sun.  He takes both figurines and places them at King's Landing.
TYRION:  The Dornish will lay siege to the capital alongside the Tyrell army.  Two great kingdoms united against Cersei.
OLENNA:  So, your master plan is to use our armies?  Forgive me for asking, but why did you bother to bring your own?
TYRION reaches down and picks up the figurine resembling an Unsullied helmet.  He begins walking back around the map of Westeros.
TYRION:  The unsullied will have another objective.  For decades House Lannister has been the true power in Westeros.  And the seat of that power is Casterly Rock.  Grey Worm and the Unsullied will sail for the Rock and take it.
TYRION stops in front of Casterly Rock.  There is a figurine that resembles a lion.  He knocks the lion over with the Unsullied figurine.  Everyone in the room nods in agreement.
DAENERYS:  Do I have your support?
YARA:  You have mine.
ELLIA:  Dorne is with you, Your Grace.
Lady Olenna nods her head in agreement.
DAENERYS:  Thank you all.  Lady Olenna, may I speak with you alone?
Everyone except DAENERYS and OLENNA leave the Chamber of the Painted Table.  DAENERYS walks to the end and sits next to OLENNA.
DAENERYS:  I realize you're here out of hatred for Cersei and not love for me.  But I swear to you she will pay for what she's done and we will bring peace back to Westeros.
OLENNA:  Peace.  Do you think that's what we had under your father or his father or his?  Peace never lasts, my dear.  Would you take a bit of advice from an old woman?
DAENERYS nods her hod in agreement
OLENNA:  He's a clever man, your Hand.  I've known a great many clever men.  I've outlived them all.  Do you know why?  I ignored them.  The lords of Westeros are sheep.  Are you a sheep?  No.  You're a dragon.  Be a dragon.
GREY WORM is sitting sharpening his sword.  Someone knocks on his door.  He begins speaking Valyrian.
GREY WORM:   Enter.
MISSANDEI walks in.  She speaks in English.
MISSANDEI:  You leave tomorrow.  Were you going to say goodbye?
GREY WORM:  I will see you when I return.
MISSANDEI:  But you don't know when that will be.
GREYWORM:  No one knows.
MISSANDEI:  I wish you good fortune.
MISSANDEI turns and starts to walk out of the room.
GREY WORM:  Missandei --
MISSANDEI stops and turns back towards GREY WORM.
GREY WORM:  It is hard for me to say goodbye to you.
MISSANDEI:  Why?
GREY WORM:  You know why.
MISSANDEI:  I don't.
GREY WORM:  You are my weakness.
MISSANDEI appears offended.
MISSANDEI:  That's what I am?  Your weakness?
GREY WORM:  When Unsullied are young their masters learn their fears.  One boy is scared of dogs.  One boy hates high places.  One is frightened of the ocean.  They make the boy sleep with dogs or climb a cliff.  They throw him in the water.  If he learns to swim, good.  If he drowns, good.  Either way, strong Unsullied.  But I had no fears.  I was never the biggest, never the strongest, but I was bravest always.
MISSANDEI:  I believe it.
GREY WORM:  Until I meet Missandei from the Isle of Naarth.  Now I have fear.
MISSANDEI:  I do too.
GREY WORM steps forward and kisses MISSANDEI.  MISSANDEI grabs his hands and stops him.  She begins to undress herself.  MISSANDEI steps forward and begins to undress GREY WORM.
GREY WORM:  No.
MISSANDEI:  I want to see you.  Please.
GREY WORM hesitates for a moment, then nods his head in agreement.  MISSANDEI finishes undressing GREY WORM.  Sex scene ensues.
MARWYN and SAMWELL are walking by various shelves in the library.  SAMWELL is carrying a stack of books for MARWYN.
MARWYN:  It might be useful.  Fouthen was a dreadful writer but an excellent researcher.
SAMWELL:  Archmaester, I wanted to --
MARWYN:  And this one.
MARWYN places another book on the stack SAMWELL is carrying.
MARWYN:  Maester Faol was quite the opposite.  A brilliant stylist who invented half the stories he tells.
MARWYN continues walking
SAMWELL:  I wanted to ask you --
MARWYN:  If you need to write histories, Tarley, you have to do the research.  If you want people to read your histories, you need a bit of style.  I'm not writing the Chronicle of the Wars Following the Death of King Robert the First so it can sit on a shelf unread.
SAMWELL says nothing.
MARWYN: What?  You don't like the title?  What would you call it then?
SAMWELL:  Possibly something a bit more poetic?
MARWYN:  We're not poets, Tarley.
SAMWELL:  Archmaester, if I could just have a moment.
MARWYN:  This is your moment.  Use it wisely.
MARWYN begins looking through books on the shelf.
SAMWELL:  I may have found a way to treat Ser Jorah.  There are two recorded cases of advanced Greyscale being cured.  I found the procedure in the Study of Rare Diseases by Archmaester Pilos.
MARWYN places a book on SAMWELL's stack.  He continues looking at more books.
MARWYN:  I'm familiar with Archmaester Pylos and the Study of Rare Diseases.
SAMWELL:  Oh, you are?
MARWYN:  Yes.  Should I tell you how he died?  From Greyscale.
MARWYN places another book on SAMWELL's stack.
SAMWELL:  Oh.
MARWYN:  The procedure is far too dangerous which is why it's now forbidden.
MARWYN turns and walks out of the library.
CUT TO: QUARANTINE ROOMS
A few hours have passed.  JORAH is writing a letter to DAENERYS by candlelight in his quarantine room.  He hears a noise in the hallway and stands to face the door.  SAMWELL opens the door and rolls in a cart filled with medical tools and containers.
SAMWELL:  Hello.
JORAH:  What are you doing?
SAMWELL:  You're Jorah Mormont.  You're the only son of Jeor Mormont.
SAMWELL picks up a roll of leather and sets it on the table.  He unrolls it revealing an assortment of scalpels and knives.
SAMWELL:  My name is Samwell Tarley.  I'm a sworn brother of the Night's Watch training to serve as maester of Castle Black.  I knew your father.  I was with him when he died.  You're not dying today, Ser Jorah.
SAMWELL picks up a large flask and hands it to JORAH.
SAMWELL:  Drink this.
JORAH:  What is it?
SAMWELL:  Rum.  Drink it all, please.  I'm afraid this is going to hurt.
JORAH reaches for the bottle.  SAMWELL grabs it back and drinks some himself before handing it back to JORAH.  JORAH drains the flask.  SAMWELL picks up a thick book from the medical cart and sets it on the table.
SAMWELL:  If you could take off your shirt.
SAMWELL gives JORAH a strap made of leather.
SAMWELL:  If you wouldn't mind, bite down hard.  I'm sorry but no one knows I'm here.  If they hear you screaming then we're both finished.
JORAH:  Have you ever done this before?
SAMWELL:  No.  No one else will try, so I'm the best you've got.  Have a seat.  I'm going to remove the entire layer of infected tissue, then apply a medicinal ointment to the --
JORAH looks at SAMWELL to stop him from explaining.  SAMWELL picks up a pair of tweezers and a scalpel.  He grabs a section of Greyscale to cut it off.  JORAH recoils in pain.
SAMWELL:  Shh,  shhh.  Again, I'm sorry.  Please try not to scream.
SAMWELL cuts into the Greyscale.  JORAH begins to writhe in agony and whimper.  Pus is dripping from the wound.  SAMWELL continues cutting and slices a layer of Greyscale off JORAH's skin.
CUT TO:  INN AT THE CROSSROADS
Two men are at a table having a conversation.
MAN #1:  They say her dragons are bigger than Aegons.
MAN #2:  Horse shit.  Cersei is just trying to frighten us.
MAN #1:  If it's true, if she lays siege to King's Landing prices will triple.
The camera zooms out showing Arya eavesdropping on the men.
MAN #2:  As long as we get back there before they start.
MAN #1:  One more round.  It's a long ride.
A waiter approaches Arya's table.
HOT PIE:  Ary!
ARYA:  Hello, Hot Pie.  Sit down.  Who's that for?
Arya reaches over and grabs a potpie from the tray and starts eating it.
ARYA:  Mmm.  This is good.
HOT PIE:    You think so?  The secret is browning the butter before making the dough.  Most people don't don't do that because it takes up too much time.
ARYA:  I didn't do that.
HOT PIE:  You've been making pies?
ARYA:  One or two.
HOT PIE:  I can't believe you're here.  Did you meet the big lady?
ARYA:  Big lady?
HOT PIE:  The lady knight.  I figured she was a knight because she had armor on.  She was looking for your sister but I told her about you.  Did she ever find you?
ARYA:  She found me.
HOT PIE:  What happened to you Ary?
ARYA pauses and doesn't answer HOT PIE.
ARYA:  You got any ale?
Hot Pie starts to reach for a pitcher on the tray.  Arya reaches over and grabs it before him, pouring herself a cup.
HOT PIE:  Where are you heading?
ARYA:  King's Landing.
HOT PIE:  Why?
ARYA:  I heard Cersei's queen now.
HOT PIE:  I heard she blew up the Great Sept.  That must have been something to see.  Boom.
ARYA:  Hmm.
Arya nods in agreement.
HOT PIE:  I can't believe someone could do that.
ARYA:  Cersei would do that.
HOT PIE:  I thought you'd be heading for Winterfell.
ARYA:  Why would I go there?  The Boltons have it.
HOT PIE:  No.  The Boltons are dead.
Arya stops eating and drops her food.
ARYA:  What?
HOT PIE:  Jon Snow came down from Castle Black with a Wildling army and won the Battle of the Bastards.  He's King in the North now.
ARYA:  You're lying.
HOT PIE:  Why would I lie about that?  He's your brother right?
ARYA starts picking up her things to leave.
ARYA:  Thanks for the pie.
Arya reaches to her side and produces a bag of gold.  She starts to open the pouch.
HOT PIE:  Friends don't pay.  I can't believe I thought you were a boy.  You're pretty.
ARYA:  Thanks.
Arya stands and walks past Hot Pie.  She turns and puts her hand on his shoulder.
ARYA:  Take care of yourself, Hot Pie.  Try not to get killed.
HOT PIE:  No, I won't.  I'm like you, Ary.  I'm a survivor.
ARYA turns and exits the Inn
CUT TO:  EXT. INN AT THE CROSSROADS
ARYA climbs on her horse.  She looks towards the south, then the north.  She makes a decision and turns around to head back north.  She rides off into the distance.
JON is bent over his desk looking at maps.  There's a knock at the door.
JON:  Come in.
WOLKAN:  A raven, My King, from the Citadel.
JON begins reading the scroll.
The room is filled with northern lords and ladies including SANSA, JON, BRIENNE, LYANNA MORMONT, ROBETT GLOVER, YOHN ROYCE, and PETER BAELISH.  JON is standing in the great hall holding a message up for the lords to see.
JON:  This message was sent to me by Samwell Tarley.  He was my brother at the Night's Watch.  A man I trust as much as anyone in this world.  He's discovered proof that Dragonstone sits on a mountain of Dragonglass.
The lords murmur amongst themselves.  JON hands the first note to ROBETT GLOVER.  JON holds up a different note for the lords to see.
JON:  I received this a few days ago from Dragonstone.  It was sent to me by Tyrion Lannister.
The lords murmur louder.
JON:  He's now Hand of the Queen to Daenerys Targaryen.  She intends to take the Iron Throne from Cersei Lannister.  She has a powerful army at her back and if this message is to be believed, three dragons.
The lords speak among themselves and look concerned.
JON:  Lord Tyrion has invited me to Dragonstone to meet with Daenerys and I'm going to accept.
There is a negative outcry from the lords gathered in the hall
JON:  We need this Dragonglass, My Lords.  We know that Dragonglass can destroy both White Walkers and their army.  We need to mine it and turn it into weapons.
The lords nod in agreement
JON:  But more importantly, we need allies.  The Night King's army grows larger by the day.  We can't defeat them on our own.  We don't have the numbers.  Daenerys has her own army and she has dragon fire.  I need to try and persuade her to fight with us.  Ser Davos and I will ride for White Harbor tomorrow, then sail for Dragonstone.
SANSA:  Have you forgotten what happened to our grandfather?  The Mad King invited him to King's Landing and roasted him alive.
JON:  I know that.
SANSA:  She is here to reclaim the Iron Throne and the Seven Kingdoms.  The north is one of those seven kingdoms.  This isn't an invitation, it's a trap.
JON:  It could be, but I don't believe Tyrion would do that.  You know him.  He's a good man.
YOHN ROYCE stands up and turns to face JON.
YOHN ROYCE:  Your Grace, with respect I must agree with Lady Sansa.  I remember the Mad King all too well.  A Targaryen cannot be trusted, nor can a Lannister.
The lords shout in agreement.
ROBETT GLOVER:  We called your brother king, and then he rode south and lost his kingdom.
LYANNA MORMONT:  Winter is here, Your Grace.  We need the King in the North in the north.
The lords pound the tables in agreement.
JON:  You all crowned me your king.  I never wanted it, I never asked for it, but I accepted it because the north is my home.  It's part of me and I will never stop fighting for it, no matter the odds.  But the odds are against us.  None of you have seen the Army of the Dead.  None of you.  We can never hope to defeat them alone.  We need allies, powerful allies.  I know it's a risk.  But I have to take it.
SANSA:  Then send an emissary.  Don't go yourself.
JON:  Daenerys is a queen.  Only a king can convince her to help us.  It has to be me.
SANSA:  You're abandoning your people.  Your abandoning your home.
JON:  I'm leaving both in good hands.
SANSA:  Whose?
JON:  Yours.  You are my sister.  You are the only Stark in Winterfell.  Until I return, the north is yours.
JON stands in the torchlit crypt looking at a statue of Ned Stark.  LORD BAELISH approaches him.
BAELISH:  I delivered his bones myself.  I presented them to Lady Catlyn as a gesture of goodwill from Tyrion Lannister.  It seems like a lifetime ago.  Do give Lord Tyrion my best when you see him.
Baelish looks up at the statue of Ned Stark.
BAELISH:  I was sorry when he died.  Your father and I had our differences but he loved Cat very much.  So did I.  She wasn't fond of you, was she?  Well, it appears she vastly underestimated you.  Your father and brothers are gone, yet here you stand King in the North.  Last best hope against the coming storm.
JON turns to face BAELISH.
JON:  You don't belong down here.
BAELISH:  Forgive me.  We have never talked properly.  I wanted to remedy that.
JON:  I have nothing to say to you.
BAELISH:  Not even thank you?  If it weren't for me you'd have been slaughtered at that battlefield.  You have many enemies, My King, but I swear to you I'm not one of them.  I love Sansa as I loved her mother.
JON grabs BAELISH by the throat and pushes him against the wall.  BAELISH begins choking.
JON:  Touch my sister and I'll kill you myself.
JON releases BAELISH.  JON turns and walks to exit the crypt.
JON walks into the courtyard towards his horse.  SER DAVOS is seated on his own horse awaiting him.  JON climbs onto his horse and looks back.  He sees SANSA on the upper level of the courtyard.  JON waves goodbye and SANSA waves back.  JON, DAVOS and Winterfell guards ride out of the gate and exit the courtyard.  BAELISH exits from the crypt looking shaken.
CUT TO:  RIVERLANDS
ARYA is building a fire.  Her horse is tied to a tree.  The horse begins to whinny.  ARYA stands and grabs her sword from beside the fire.  Multiple wolves come from the woods and begin to circle her.  A large grey and white dire wolf approaches her barring teeth.
ARYA:  Nymeria?
ARYA sets her sword down and begins to approach the dire wolf.
ARYA:  Nymeria, it's me, Arya.  I'm heading north, girl, back to Winterfell.  I'm finally going home.  Come with me.
ARYA stretches her hand out towards the dire wolf.
ARYA:  Come with me.
The dire wolf turns and begins to leave.  All the other wolves walk away with it.  ARYA whispers to herself.
ARYA:  That's not you.
CUT TO:  SEA OF DORNE
It's nighttime.  There are dozens of ships sailing on the Sea of Dorne.
ELLARIA SAND's daughters TYENE, OBARA, and NYMERIA are laying in hammocks next to each other having a conversation.
NYMERIA:  You can't have them all.  It's not fair.
OBARA:  I'm oldest.
TYENE:  Momma will want Cersei for herself.
OBARA:  She's not my momma.  You can have Cersei.  I want The Mountain.
NYMERIA:  The Mountain killed father.  He'll crush you with one hand.
TYENE: Father got careless.  That's what Momma says.
OBARA:  Will you shut up about Momma?  Momma, momma.
OBARA begins mocking TYENE.
TYENE:  Maybe I'll kill you both before we take King's Landing and then I won't have to share.
OBARA and NYMERIA mock TYENE in unison.
YARA GREYJOY, ELLARIA SAND are seated at a table drinking together.  THEON GREYJOY is standing next to them.
ELLARIA:  How can you drink this piss?  When we reach Sunspear I'll treat you to a Dornish red, the best in the world.  Have you ever been to Dorne?
YARA:  A few times.  Never stayed long.
ELLARIA:   A boy in every port?
YARA:  A boy, a girl.  Depends on the port.
ELLARIA:  Could we get some more?
ELLARIA hands her empty cup back to THEON.
YARA:  I thought it wasn't for you.
ELLARIA:  I'm developing a taste for it.
YARA looks at THEON
YARA:  He's not your servant.
THEON:  It's fine.
THEON begins filling the cup from a barrel of wine.
ELLARIA:  So, you're going to be Queen of the Iron Islands.
YARA:  Once I kill my uncle.
ELLARIA:  And what will you be, handsome?
ELLARIA stands and gropes THEON.
THEON:  Whatever my queen demands.
YARA:  He'll be my advisor, my protector.
ELLARIA:  Oh, I see.  Your protector.
ELLARIA slowly walks towards YARA.
ELLARIA:  So if someone gets too close to you --
YARA:  He might have to intervene.
YARA:  Until they've made their intentions known.
ELLARIA sits next to YARA and spreads her legs apart, then looks at THEON.
ELLARIA:  Why are you standing all the way over there then?  A foreign invasion is under way.  It seems like you don't need a protector.
A large crash is heard and the ship rocks back and forth.  YARA turns to ELLARIA.
YARA:  Stay here.
YARA stands, picks up her sword and rushes for the stairs to the upper deck.  THEON follows her.
YARA climbs onto the deck and sees mayhem.  There are flaming arrows and flares in the sky.  YARA turns to survey the madness.  A ship bearing the Greyjoy sigil comes sailing out of the smoke and fog directly at YARA's ship.
YARA:  Euron.
EURON'S ship crashes into YARA's.  An armored gang plank is dropped onto YARA's ship.  Euron Greyjoy is riding on top of the plank as it crashes onto YARA's ship.  A sailor is crushed in the process.  Euron boards YARA's boat and begins cutting men down with an ax and laughing maniacally.  Dozens of men are rushing behind him to board YARA'S ship.  YARA and THEON both yell and leap into battle.  Many people are killed instantly.  More men are running over the gang plank.  TYENE SAND comes from below deck.  She throws a dagger and lodges it in an invader's eye.  She moves to the body to retrieve her knife.  YARA approaches her and kneels beside her.
YARA:  Your mother is below deck.  Keep her safe.
TYENE nods in agreement.  She stands up and heads down into the captain's quarters.
TYENE walks down the stairs and sees her mother, ELLARIA SAND.  TYENE runs to her mother and hugs her.  Immediately three men climb down the stairs and surround the women.  TYENE begins striking at the invaders with her knife.
THEON is fighting several men with his sword.  He cuts down two men and looks at YARA.  YARA looks around her at the scene.  Severel ships are engulfed in flames.  Flaming arrows are streaking in and men are shouting.  A flaming bolt flies through the air and hits YARA's mast causing it to burst into flames.  More men are rushing from EURON'S boat onto the deck.  YARA is slowly walking and watching the scene unfold.  She then turns and continues fighting.  EURON is cutting through men with ease.  He has just killed another when a whip lashes around his throat.  NYMERIA pulls on the whip and brings EURON towards her.  Euron turns and punches her in the face.  OBARA comes from behind EURON and stabs him in his arm.  He is knocked to the ground but quickly regains his feet.  They continue fighting
TYENE is still fighting the men.  She slices one man and stabs another in the testicles.
OBARA attempts to attack EURON again.  He blocks her attack and disarms her spear.  EURON grabs her by the throat and headbutts her then pushes her to her knees.  He rams her spear through her stomach and lifts her off the ground.  NYMERIA turns and sees her sister and screams, running at EURON.  She whips him several times but EURON graps the end of the whip and pulls NYMERIA towards him.  She is attacking with a knife.  EURON punches her and knocks her down.  EURON then takes NYMERIA'S whip and wraps it around her throat choking her.
TYENE is now getting overpowered by the men.  They punch her and grab her from behind.  One of the men walks to ELLARIA and grabs her.
ELLARIA:  Kill us!  Get it over with!
The man in charge smirks at ELLARIA and shakes his head.  The men begin to push ELLARIA and TYENE upstairs to take them as hostages.
Nearly every ship in YARA's fleet is burning.  There are flaming bolts in the sky.  YARA spots EURON below her.  She jumps from the upper deck and knocks EURON down.  He gets back up.
EURON:  Give your uncle a kiss.
YARA quickly steps forward and slaps EURON.  They begin fighting.  YARA is being overpowered by EURON.
EURON:  Theon!
THEON is still fighting.  He hears his uncle's yell and turns to look.  EURON is holding YARA and has his ax to her neck.  THEON stops and is frozen in place.  EURON begins smirking at him.
EURON:  Ah, come on your cockless hound.  I have her.  Come and get her.
THEON is looking around.  Men are being killed and everything is on fire.  One invader is pulling someone's teeth out.  THEON begins to shake and whimper.  His eye twitches.  He turns, drops his sword and jumps off of the rail of the ship into the water.  EURON begins to laugh and look at YARA.
CUT TO:  SEA OF DORNE
THEON is in the water holding onto some flotsam.  He is watching the ships burn and the Iron Fleet sail away into the distance.
END CREDITS
TYRION:  The bastard of Winterfell.
JON:  The dwarf of Casterly Rock.
TYRION and JON both stare at each for a moment, then break into a smile.  They step forward and shake hands.
TYRION:  I believe we last saw each other on top of the wall.
JON:  You were pissing off the edge, if I remember right.  You picked up some scars along the road.
TYRION nods his head in agreement.
TYRION:  It's been a long road.  But we're both still here.
TYRION turns to address DAVOS.
TYRION:  I'm Tyrion Lannister.
DAVOS:  Davos Seaworth.
TYRION and DAVOS shake hands.
TYRION:  Ah, the Onion Knight.  We fought on opposite sides at the Battle of Blackwater Bay.
DAVOS:  Unluckily for me.
TYRION:  Missandei is the queen's most trusted advisor.
MISSANDEI:  Welcome to Dragonstone.  Our queen knows this is a long journey.  She appreciates the effort you have made on her behalf.  If you wouldn't mind handing over your weapons.
JON looks at DAVOS and his men.
JON:  Of course.
The Dothraki guard move to take the weapons.  JON unties his sword and hands it over.  The Dothraki pick up JON's boat and begin to carry it away.
MISSANDEI:  Please, this way.
DAVOS begins walking with MISSANDEI and TYRION.  JON is following a few steps behind.
DAVOS:  Where are you from?  I can't place the accent.
MISSANDEI:  I was born on the Island of Naarth.
DAVOS:  Ah.  I hear it's beautiful down there.  Palm trees and butterflies.  I haven't been myself.
MISSANDEI nods and DAVOS slows pace to talk with JON.
DAVOS:  This place has changed.
The group are making their way up to Dragonstone along a narrow stone pathway built into the cliffs leading to the castle.  TYRION begins speaking to JON.
TYRION:  And Sansa, I hear she's alive and well.
JON:  She is.
TYRION:  Does she miss me terribly?
JON looks at TYRION and doesn't say anything.
TYRION:  A sham marriage and unconsummated.
JON:  I didn't ask --
TYRION:  Well, it was.  It wasn't.  Anyway, she's much smarter than she lets on.
JON:  She's starting to let on.
TYRION:  Good.  At some point I want to hear how a Knight's Watch recruit became King in the North.
JON:  As long as you tell me how a Lannister became Hand to Daenerys Targaryen.
TYRION:  A long and bloody tale.  To be honest, I was drunk for most of it.
JON:  My bannermen think I'm a fool for coming here.
TYRION:  Of course they do.  If I was your hand I would have advised against it.  General rule of thumb, Stark men don't fare well when they travel south.
JON:  True.  But I'm not a Stark.
A loud roar is heard from overhead.  JON and DAVOS dive to the ground.  Drogon flies over them, turns and flies over the castle.  JON and DAVOS look at each other in astonishment.  DAVOS looks back to MISSANDEI who is still standing and smirking.  Tyrion walks over and helps JON up to his feet.
TYRION:  I'd say you get used to them, but you never really do.
JON looks back to the sky.  All three dragons are circling above the castle.
TYRION:  Come.  Their mother is waiting for you.
JON and DAVOS exchange glances.  They continue walking up the path.  The camera shifts focus to MELISANDRE who is far above the group watching them from a cliff.  VARYS approaches MELISANDRE from behind and stands next to her.
VARYS:  I wondered why you weren't there to meet our guests.  You begged us to summon the King in the North.  Don't you want to see him again?
MELISANDRE:  I've done my part.  I've brought ice and fire together.
VARYS:  Strange.  You spoke so highly of Jon Snow but when he arrives you hide on a cliff.  I didn't take you for a bashful girl.
MELISANDRE:  My time whispering in the ears of kings has come to an end.
VARYS:  Oh, I doubt that.  Give us common folk one taste of power we're like the lion who tasted man.  Nothing is ever so sweet again.
MELISANDRE:  Neither of us is common folk anymore.  I did not part on good terms with the King in the North, or his advisor.
VARYS:  Why?
MELISANDRE:  Because of mistakes I made.  Terrible mistakes.  I would only be a distraction if I stayed.
VARYS:  So where will you go?
MELISANDRE:  Volantis.
VARYS:  Good.  If you don't mind my saying, I don't think you should return to Westeros.  I'm not sure you'd be safe here.
MELISANDRE:  I will return, dear spider.  One last time.
VARYS begins shaking his head.
VARYS:  My Lady --
MELISANDRE:  I have to die in this strange country, just like you.
MELISANDRE turns and walks away leaving VARYS alone on the cliff.
JON approaches the throne room.  Dothraki guards open the doors and allow him in.  He is walking with TYRION, MISSANDEI, DAVOS and other Dothraki guards.  DAENERYS is sitting on the throne.  MISSANDEI begins addressing JON and DAVOS.
MISSANDEI:  You stand in the presence of Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen, rightful heir to the Iron Throne, rightful Queen of the Andals and the First Men, Protector of the Seven Kingdoms, the Mother of Dragons, the Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea, The Unburnt, The Breaker of Chains.
JON turns and looks at DAVOS.
DAVOS:  This is Jon Snow.
DAVOS nods and pauses.
DAVOS:  He's King in the North.
TYRION smirks to himself.
DAENERYS:  Thank you for traveling so far, My Lords.  I hope the seas weren't too rough.
JON:  The winds were kind, Your Grace.
DAVOS:  Apologies.  I have a Flea Bottom accent, I know.  But Jon Snow is King in the North, Your Grace.  He's not a lord.
DAENERYS:  Forgive me --
TYRION:  Your Grace, this is Ser Davos Seaworth.
DAERNEYS:  Forgive me, Ser Davos.  I never did receive a formal education, but I could have sworn the last King in the North was Torren Stark who bent the knee to my ancestor Aegon Targaryen in exchange for his life and the lives of the northmen.  Torren Stark swore fealty to House Targaryen in perpetuity.  But do I have my facts wrong?
DAVOS:  I wasn't there, Your Grace.
TYRION:  Forever.
DAENERYS:  Forever.  So I assume, My Lord, that you're here to bend the knee.
JON:  I am not.
DAENERYS:  Oh.  Well, that is unfortunate.  You've travelled all this way to break faith with House Targaryen?
JON:  Break faith?  Your father burned my grandfather alive.  He burned my uncle alive.  He would have burned the Seven Kingdoms.
DAENERYS:  My father was an evil man.  On behalf of House Targaryen I ask your forgiveness for the crimes he committed against your family.  And I ask you not to judge a daughter by the sins of her father.  Our two houses were allies for centuries.  Those were the best centuries the kingdom's ever known.  Centuries of peace and prosperity with the Targaryens sitting on the Iron Throne and a Stark serving as Warden of the North.  I am the last Targaryen, Jon Snow.  Honor the pledge your ancestor made to mine.  Bend the knee and I will name you Warden of the North.  Together we will save this country from those who would destroy it.
JON:  You're right.  You're not guilty of your father's crime.  And I'm not beholden to my ancestor's vows.
DAENERYS:  Then why are you here?
JON:  Because I need your help and you need mine.
DAENERYS smirks and looks over at TYRION.  She starts speaking to JON again.
DAENERYS:  Did you see three dragons flying overhead when you arrived?
JON:  I did.
DAENERYS:  And did you see the Dothraki, all of whom have sworn to kill for me?
JON:  They're hard to miss.
DAENERYS:  But still, I need your help?
DAVOS:  Not to defeat Cersei.  You could storm King's Landing tomorrow and the city would fall.  Hell, we almost took it and we didn't even have dragons.
TYRION:  Almost.
JON:  But you haven't stormed King's Landing.  Why not?  The only reason I can see is you don't want to kill thousands of innocent people.  It's the fastest way to win the war but you won't do it.  Which means at the very least you're better than Cersei.
DAENERYS:  Still, that doesn't explain why I need your help.
JON:  Because right now you and I and Cersei and everyone else, we're children playing at a game screaming that the rules aren't fair.
DAENERYS turns to TYRION.
DAENERYS:  You told me you liked this man.
TYRION:  I do.
DAENERYS:  In the time since he's met me he's refused to call me queen, he's refused to bow and now he's calling me a child.
TYRION:  I believe he's calling all of us children.  Figure of speech.
JON:  Your Grace, everone you know will die before winter is over if we don't defeat the enemy to the north.
DAENERYS:  As far as I can see, you are the enemy to the north.
JON:  I am not your enemy.  The dead are the enemy.
DAENERYS pauses and is incredulous.
DAENERYS:  The dead?
DAENERYS addresses TYRION.
DAENERYS:  Is that another figure of speech?
JON answers her before Tyrion.
JON:  The Army of the Dead is on the march.
TYRION:  The Army of the Dead?
JON:  You don't know me well, My Lord, but do you think I am a liar or a madman?
TYRION:  No, I don't think you're either of those things.
JON:  The Army of the Dead is real.  The White Walkers are real.  The Knight King is real.  I've seen them.  If they get past the wall and we're squabbling amongst ourselves --
JON begins walking closer to the throne.  The Dothraki guards step towards him to halt him.
DAENERYS pauses a moment.
DAENERYS:  I was born at Dragonstone.  Not that I can remember it.
DAENERYS stands from the throne and begins walking down the stairs towards JON.
DAENERYS:  We fled before Robert's assassins could find us.  Robert was your father's best friend, no?  I wonder if your father knew his best friend sent assassins to murder a baby girl in her crib.  Not that it matters now of course.  I spent my life in foreign lands.  So many men have tried to kill me.  I don't remember all of their names.  I have been sold like a brood mare.  I have been chained and betrayed, raped and defiled.  Do you know what kept me standing through all those years in exile?  Faith.  Not in any gods.  Not in myths and legends.  In myself.  In Daenerys Targaryen.  The world hadn't seen a dragon in centuries until my children were born.  The Dothraki hadn't crossed the sea.  Any sea.
DAENERYS stops walking and is face to face with JON.
DAENERYS:  They did for me.  I was born to rule the Seven Kingdoms.  And I will.
JON:  You'll be ruling over a graveyard if we don't defeat the Night King.
Tyrion steps up to stand next to DAENERYS and speaks to JON.
TYRION:  The war against my sister has already begun.  You can't expect us to halt hostilities and join you in fighting --
TYRION pauses a moment.
DAVOS:  You don't believe him.  I understand that.  It sounds like nonsense.
JON nods in agreement.
DAVOS:  But if destiny has brough Daenerys Targaryen back to our shores, it has also made Jon Snow King in the North.  You were the first to bring Dothraki to Westeros.  He was the first to make allies with Wildlings and northmen.  He was named Lord Commander of the Night's Watch.  He was named King in the North.  Not because of his birthright.  He has no birthright.  He's a damn bastard.  All those hard son's of bitches chose him as their leader because they believe in him.
DAENERYS stops looking at DAVOS and begins looking at JON.
DAVOS:  All those things you don't believe in, he faced those things.  He fought those things for the good of his people.  He risked his life for his people.  He took a knife in the heart for his people.  He gave his own --
JON looks at DAVOS to cut him off.  DAVOS stops talking.  DAENERYS and TYRION exchange glances.
DAVOS:  If we don't put asside our enmities and band together we will die.  And then it doesn't matter whose skeleton sits on the Iron Throne.
TYRION:  If it doesn't matter you might as well kneel.
JON shakes his head and looks at the floor.
TYRION:  Swear your allegiance to Queen Daenerys.  Help her to defeat my sister and together our armies will protect the north.
JON:  There's no time for that.  There's no time for any of this.  While we stand here debating --
TYRION:  It takes no time to bend the knee.  Pledge your sword to her cause.
JON:  And why would I do that?
JON turns to speak to DAENERYS.
JON:  I mean no offense, Your Grace, but I don't know you.  As far as I can tell your claim to the throne rests entirely on your father's name.  And my own father fought to overthrow the Mad King.  The lords of the north placed their trust in me to lead them.  And I will continue to do so as well as I can.
DAENERYS:  That's fair.  It's also fair to point out that I'm the rightful queen of the Seven Kingdoms.  By declaring yourself king of the northern most kingdom, you are in open rebellion.
VARYS walks quickly into the throne room and approaches DAENERYS.  He begins whispering in her ear.
DAENERYS:  You must forgive my manners.  You will both be tired after your long journey.  We'll have baths drawn for you and supper sent to your rooms.
DAENERYS begins speaking Valyrian to her Queensguard.  Her guard steps forward to escort JON and DAVOS.  JON speaks to DAENERYS.
JON:  Am I your prisoner?
DAENERYS:  Not yet.
DAENERYS begins walking back to the throne.  JON and DAVOS exit the throne room with a member of the Queensguard.  The Dothraki close the door to the throne room after JON and DAVOS exit.  VARYS begins speaking to DAENERYS.
VARYS:  Our Iron Born and Dornish allies were attacked on route to Dorne.
DAENERYS:  And?
VARYS:  Two or three ships escaped.  The rest sunk our captured.  Ellaria and the sand snakes dead or captured.  The Greyjoys are dead or captured.
DAENERYS:  All of them?
CUT TO:  SEA OF DORNE
Theon is hanging on to flotsam on the ocean.  A friendly Greyjoy ship is pulling him out of the water with a rope.  They haul him onto the ship and drop him on deck.  He is shivering and dishelveled.  The captain of the boat approaches THEON and speaks to him while THEON is laying on the deck.
CAPTAIN:  Your sister's dead?
THEON:  Euron has her.
CAPTAIN:  You saw him take her?  And you got away?
THEON:  I couldn't save her.  I tried.
CAPTAIN:  You wouldn't be here if you tried.
THEON turns his eyes away from the captain.  The captain turns and walks away.  The men go back to their duties, some stepping over THEON as he continues to lay on the deck.
EURON is escorting prisoners YARA GREYJOY, ELLARIA and TYENE SAND.  The prisoners are chained.  EURON is riding a horse.  He has a rope tied to YARA's neck and is leading her towards the Red Keep.  There is a large crowd shouting and cheering as they bring the prisoners through the streets.  EURON is smiling and showing off for the crowd.  The crowd shouts obscenities and curses at the prisoners.
EURON(to YARA):  This is the life.  Look at them.  Cheering for a Greyjoy.
EURON pulls on the rope around YARA's neck forcing her to run forward to stand next to EURON's horse.
EURON:  I have to be honest, it's making me hard.  Did you see little Theon's face right before he jumped overboard?
EURON begins mocking Theon in a high pitched voice.
EURON:  Oh no!
EURON laughs.
EURON:  What a twat.
CERSEI is sitting on the throne surrounded by QYBURN, JAIME, and THE MOUNTAIN.  There is a crowd gathered and they're clapping as EURON brings the prisoners down the aisle towards the throne.  EURON climbs down from his horse and grabs the chains that bind ELLARIA and TYENE and starts walking them to the throne.
EURON:  My queen.  Please accept this gift on behalf of all of your loyal subjects in the Iron Islands.
EURON throws the chains at the feet of CERSEI.
EURON:  I give you --
EURON looks over to JAIME.
ELLARIA spits onto the floor near the throne and CERSEI smiles.  CERSEI begins speaking to EURON.
CERSEI:  You've proven yourself the greatest captain on the 14 seas and a true friend to the crown.
EURON leans in and speaks to CERSEI so the crowd can't hear.
EURON:  A bit more than a true friend.
CERSEI:  And you deserve a proper reward for your heroism.
EURON:  There's only one reward I want.
CERSEI:  You shall have what your heart desires --
JAIME looks over at CERSEI.
CERSEI stands and addresses the people gathered in the throne room.
CERSEI:  With Euron Greyjoy commanding our naval forces and Jaime Lannister leading our armies, the sons and daugters of Westeros shall defend our country.
The crowd starts cheering and clapping.  CERSEI turns and walks back to the throne and sits.  EURON is waving to the crowd and begins speaking to JAIME.
EURON:  There's nothing quite like it, is there?  The love of the people.  I suppose you wouldn't know.
JAIME:  This same mob spat at my sister not long ago, and if you turn on us, they'll cheer to see your head mounted on a spike.
EURON:  Or yours.  They just like severed heads really.  Listen, if you have any advice at all I'd love to hear it when we have an hour or two to speak as brothers.
JAIME:  Advice?
EURON:  Does she like it gentle or rough?  A finger in the bum?
JAIME turns to EURON angrily.
EURON:  Shhh, shhh, shhh, not now.  We'll talk later.
EURON bows to the queen.  He walks down and collects YARA and walks out with her and his guards.
THE MOUNTAIN, CERSEI and QYBURN are standing in a torch lit dungeon beneath the Red Keep.  ELLARIA and TYENE are chained to walls opposite of each other.  They are both gagged.  CERSEI speaks to ELLARIA.
CERSEI:  I want you to know I understand.  Even though we're enemies, you and I, I understand the fear that drives you.  I was there that day when Ser Gregor crushed your lover's head.  I close my eyes I can hear the sound of Oberyn's skull breaking.
ELLARIA struggles against her restraints
CERSEI:  The sound of your scream.  I never heard a sound like that.  I thought, that's true love.  Oberyn looked beautiful that day.  He really did.  No one moved like him.  No one had such skill with a spear.  Even Ser Gregor couldn't stop him.  If only he hadn't taunted him.  He could have walked away and left poor Ser Gregor to die.  But that wasn't your lover's way, was it?  Now he's burried somewhere.  And here Ser Gregor is stronger than ever.  That must be difficult for you.  When my daughter was taken from me, my only daughter, well, you can't imagine how that feels unless you've lost a child.  I fed her at my own breast even though they told me to give her to the wet nurse.  I couldn't bear to see her in another woman's arms.  I never got to have a mother.  But Myrcella did.  She was mine and you took her from me.  Why did you do that?
CERSEI pauses and looks at ELLARIA.
CERSEI:  It doesn't matter now.
CERSEI walks across the room and stands next to TYENE looking at her but continues speaking to ELLARIA.
CERSEI:  Your daughter is a beauty too.  Brown eyes, those lips.  A perfect Dornish beauty.
TYENE is looking from CERSEI to her mother, ELLARIA.  CERSAI stops looking at TYENE and turns back to ELLARIA.
CERSEI:  I imagine she is your favorite.
ELLARIA pulls on her restraints.
CERSEI:  I know, I know, we're not supposed to have favorites.  But still, we're only human.  We love who we love.
ELLARIA begins gasping and trying to speak through her gag.
CERSEI:  I'm sorry.  I can't understand you.  The gag makes it difficult to understand what you're saying.  It must be frustrating.
ELLARIA whimpers.
CERSEI:  We all make our choices.  You chose to murder my daughter.  You must have felt powerful after you made that choice.
ELLARIA screams and pulls against her restraints.  She takes the slack out of the chain but is held in place inches from CERSEI.
CERSEI:  Do you feel powerful now?  I don't sleep very well, not at all really.  I lie in bed and I stare at the canopy and imagine ways of killing my enemies.  How to destroy Ellaria Sand, the woman who murdered my only daughter.  I thought about having Ser Gregor crush your skull the way he did Oberyn's.  It would be poetic I suppose but fast.  Too fast.
CERSEI turns away from ELLARIA and walks back to TYENE and takes TYENE's face in her hands.  She continues talking to ELLARIA.
CERSEI:  I thought about having him crush your daughter's skull.
CERSEI removes the gag from TYENE's mouth.
CERSEI:  She's so beautiful.  The thought of this lovely face cracking open like a duck egg, no, it's just not right.
CERSEI is caressing TYENE's face.  CERSEI looks at ELLARIA, then turns back and kisses TYENE.  TYENE is whimpering.  CERSEI stops kissing TYENE and looks back at ELLARIA.
TYENE:  Momma!
ELLARIA screams and looks at CERSEI.  QYBURN steps to TYENE and puts the gag back on her mouth.  TYENE is crying.  QYBURN walks over to CERSEI and hands her a cloth.  ELLARIA falls down to her knees and is watching her daughter.  CERSEI starts wiping off the red lipstick she was wearing.  CERSEI speaks to ELLARIA.
CERSEI:  Qyburn, he's the cleverest man I know.  Clever enough to learn what poison you used to murder Myrcella.  The long goodbye, was that it?
QYBURN:  The Long Farewell.
QYBURN hands CERSEI a vile containing the posion antidote.
CERSEI:  That's the one.
CERSEI drinks the antidote.
CERSEI:  How long does the poison take?
QYBURN:  Difficult to say.  Hours, days, it depends on the subject's constitution.
CERSEI:  But death is certain?
QYBURN:  Oh yes, Your Grace, quite certain.
ELLARIA is still on her knees crying.  CERSEI squats down to talk to her.
CERSEI:  Your daughter will die here in this cell.  You will be here watching when she does.  You will be here the rest of your days.  If you refuse to eat we will force food down your throat.  You will live to watch your daughter rot, to watch that beautiful face collapse to bone and dust all the while contemplating the choices you've made.
CERSEI continues looking at ELLARIA but speaks to QYBURN.
CERSEI:  Make sure the guards change the torches every few hours.  I don't want her to miss a thing.
CERSEI stands and walks out of the chamber with her entourage.  TYENE and ELLARIA both strain against their chains but can't reach each other.
JAIME sets his gold hand down on the table and pours himself a glass of wine.  CERSEI barges in and approaches him.  CERSEI starts kissing JAIME.
JAIME:  No.
CERSEI kisses JAIME.  JAIME stands.  CERSEI unties his pants and gets on her knees.  Sex scene ensues.  Some time has passed.  CERSEI is asleep and JAIME is watching her in bed.  There's a knock at the door.
JAIME:  Don't.
CERSEI kisses JAIME, gets out of bed and covers herself with a robe.  JAIME sits up concerned.
JAIME:  What are you doing?  No one can see us like this ?
CERSEI:  I am queen of the Seven Kingdoms.  I'll do as I please.
CERSEI walks over and opens the door.  A messenger looks in and sees JAIME in the bed.
MESSENGER:  Forgive me, Your Grace.  The visitor from Braavos has arrived.
CERSEI:  Good.  And we'll need fresh sheets for the bed.
MESSENGER:  At once, Your Grace.
CERSEI closes the door.  JAIME lays his head against his pillows and laughs nervously.
CERSEI is pouring two glasses of wine.  She carries them over and offers one to TYCHO NESTORIS of the Iron Bank.
TYCHO:  No, thank you.
CERSEI carries both glasses to her desk and sits down.
TYCHO:  My condolences, Your Grace, on the death of your son.  From all reports he was a fine young man.
CERSEI:  The Iron Bank didn't send you hear to offer condolences.
TYCHO:  Condolences and congratulations.  You've become the first ruling queen in the Seven Kingdoms.  That's quite an accomplishment.  The Iron Bank appreciates how you cast off the yoke of superstition freeing the crown from elements that sought to subvert the rule of law.
CERSEI:  The destruction of the Sept of Baelor was a tragic accident.
TYCHO:  Indeed.  But sometimes tragedies are necessary to restore order and rational leadership.
CERSEI:  The Iron Bank wants its gold back.
TYCHO:  Your father never minced words either.  But, yes, your debts are considerable.  And you are now engaged in a conflict on several fronts.  We both know how expensive war can be.
CERSEI:  And we both know gold wins wars.  Your vaults are empty.  Your late husband's profligacy saw to that.
TYCHO:  Your wealthiest ally is the Tyrells who are now your enemies.  You're surrounded on all sides by rivals for the throne.
CERSEI:  And the Iron Bank wants to bet on a winner.
TYCHO:  We don't make bets.  We invest in endeavors we deem likely to be successful.
CERSEI:  That's a fancy way of saying bet.  The war has already begun.  I've drawn first blood.  I decapitated the Dornish snake.  My armada owns the Narrow Sea.
TYCHO:  Euron Greyjoy's armada owns the Narrow Sea.
CERSEI:  Euron Greyjoy is loyal to me.
TYCHO:  For now.  Daenerys Targaryen has three full grown dragons.  How well do wooden ships fare against fire breathing dragons?
CERSEI:  Her dragons might not be as invulnerable as some think.  Now, let's talk about the Targaryen girl.  You want to invest in her?  I'm guessing the Iron Bank invested considerable gold in the slave trade.  How are you profits now that Daenerys has freed all the slaves?
TYCHO:  The slave trade has entered a down turn, it's true.
CERSEI:  From what I gather she considers herself more of a revolutionary that a monarch.  In your experience how do bankers usually fare with revoltionaries?
TYCHO begins to speak but CERSEI cuts him off.
CERSEI:  The Lannisters owe the Iron Bank quite a lot of money but Lannisters always pay their debts.  Do former slaves or Dothraki or dragons?
TYCHO:  Your father's daughter indeed.
CERSEI:  Give me a fortnight.  Stay in King's Landing as my honored guest and when you return to Braavos I swear to you my debt will be paid in full.
TYRION is walking along the cliffs and sees JON standing alone looking out into the ocean.  TYRION approaches JON and speaks to him.
TYRION:  I came out here to brood over my failure to predict the Greyjoy attack.  You're making it difficult.  You look a lot better brooding than I do.  You make me feel like I'm failing at brooding over failing.
JON:  I'm a prisoner on this island.
TYRION:  I wouldn't say you're a prisoner on this island.  You're free to walk the castle, the beaches, to go wherever you want.
JON:  Except to my ship.  They took my ship.
TYRION:  I wouldn't say we took your ship.
JON:  I'm not playing word games with you.  The dead are coming for us all.
TYRION:  Why don't you figure out what to do about my missing fleet and murdered allies, and I'll figure out what to do about your walking dead men.
JON:  It's hard for me to fathom.  It really is.  If someone told me about the White Walkers and the Night King --
JON pauses and hangs his head.
JON:  You probably don't believe me.
TYRION:  I do actually.
JON:  You didn't before.  Grumpkins and snarks you called them.  Do you remember?  You said it was all nonsense.
TYRION:  It was all nonsense.  Everybody knew it.  But then Mormont saw them and you saw them, and I trust the eyes of an honest man more than I trust what everybody knows.
JON:  How do I convince people who don't know me that an enemey they don't believe in is coming to kill them all?
TYRION:  Good question.
JON:  I know it's a good question.  I'm looking for an answer.
TYRION:  People's minds aren't made for problems that large.  White Walkers, the Night King, Army of the Dead, it's almost a relief to confront a familiar monster like my sister.
JON:  I need to help prepare my people for what's coming.  I can't help them from here.  I'd like to leave.
TYRION:  It seems unlikely that you became King in the North by giving up that easily.
JON:  Everyone told me to learn from my father's mistakes.  Don't go south.  Don't answer a summons from the Mad King's daughter, a foreign invader.  And here I am.  A northern fool.
TYRION:  Children are not their fathers, luckily for all of us.  And sometimes there's more to foreign invaders than northern fools that meets the eye.  Daenerys could have sailed for Westeros long ago but she didn't.  Instead she stayed where she was and saved many people from horrible fates some of whom are on this island with us right now.  While you're our guest here you might consider asking them what they think of the Mad King's daughter.  She protects people from monsters, just as you do.  That's why she came here.  And she's not about to head north to fight an enemy she's never seen on a word of a man she doesn't know after a single meeting.  That's not a reasonable thing to ask.
JON turns from TYRION and begins to walk away.
TYRION:  So do you have anything reasonable to ask?
JON stops and turns back around.
JON:  What do you mean?
TYRION:  Maybe you are a northern fool.  I'm asking if there's something I can do to help you.
DAENERYS and TYRION are having a discussion.
DAENERYS:  Dragonglass?
TYRION:  Yes.  Volcanic glass, obsidian.  He says you have a tremendous amount of it here.
DAENERYS:  Why are we talking about glass?  We just lost two of our allies.
TYRION:  Which is why I was speaking to Jon Snow, a potential ally.
DAENERYS:  And what does the King in the North want with Dragonglass?
TYRION:  Apparently it can be turned into weapons that kill White Walkers and their foot soldiers, or stop them, destroy them.  I'm unsure of the nomenclature.
DAENERYS:  And what do you think of this Army of the Dead and White Walkers and Night Kings?
TYRION:  I'd very much like to believe that Jon Snow is wrong, but a wise man once said that you should never believe a thing simply because you want to believe it.
DAENERYS:  Which wise man said this?
TYRION:  I don't remember.
DAENERYS:  Are you trying to present your own statements as ancient wisdom?
TYRION:  I would never do that...to you.  The reason I believe Jon Snow is because he's here.  All of his advisors would have told him not to come.  I would have told him not to come, yet he's here anyway.  You don't have to believe him.  Let him mine the Dragonglass.  If he's wrong it's worthless.  You didn't even know it was here.  It's nothing to you.  Give him something by giving him nothing.  Take a step toward a more productive relationship with a possible ally.  Keep him occupied while we focus on the task at hand.  Casterly Rock.
DAENERYS:  What was that Ser Davos said about taking a knife in the heart for his people?  Did you notice that?
TYRION:  You must allow them their flights of fancy.  It's dreary in the north.
DAENERYS is at the bottom of the path looking out into the ocean.  Dragons are flying over the ocean and over the mountains in the distance.  JON approaches DAENERYS from the top of the stairs.
JON:  Amazing thing to see.
DAENERYS:  I named them for my brothers Vicerys and Rhaegon. They're both gone now.
DAENERYS turns to look at JON.
DAENERYS:  You lost two brothers as well?
JON shakes his head.
DAENERYS:  People thought dragons were gone forever but here they are.  Perhaps we should all be examining what we think we know.
JON:  You've been talking to Tyrion?
DAENERYS:  He is my Hand.
JON:  He enjoys talking.
DAENERYS:  We all enjoy what we're good at.
JON:  I don't.
DAENERYS pauses and looks at JON.
DAENERYS:  You know I'm not going to let Cersei stay on the Iron Throne.
JON:  I never expected that you would.
DAENERYS:  And I haven't changed my mind about which kingdoms belong to the throne.
JON:  I haven't either.
DAENERYS:  I will allow you to mine the Dragonglass and forge weapons from it.  Any resources or men you need I will provide for you.
JON:  Thank you.
DAENERYS turns back to the ocean.
JON:  So you believe me then about the Night King and the Army of the Dead?
DAENERYS:  You better get to work, Jon Snow.
JON turns and quickly walks up the stairs towards the castly.
Men are working in the courtyard rolling carts of hey and carrying water.  A blacksmith is working the forge.  SANSA, PETER BAELISH, YOHN ROYCE and MAESTER WOLKAN are standing on the upper level of the courtyard having a discussion.
SANSA:  How much do we have?
WOLKAN:  4,000 bushels, My Lady.
SANSA:  What does that mean?
YOHN:  For the current occupants of the castle it's enough food for a year, perhaps more.
SANSA begins walking and everyone follows.
SANSA:  What's the longest winter in the past 100 years?
WOLKAN:  I'm not entirely certain.  I'll check Maester Llewyn's records.  He kept a copy of every raven scroll.
SANSA and the men walk from the upper level down into the courtyard.
SANSA:  You're telling me we don't have enough food, especially not if the armies of the north come back to defend Winterfell.
WOLKAN:  No, My Lady, most likely not.
SANSA:  We must prepare for that eventuality.  Every direction the threat comes from, this is the best place to be.  We need to start building up our grain stores with regular shipments from every keep in the north.  If we don't use it by winter's end we'll give it back to them, but if the entire north has to flee to Winterfell there won't be enough time to bring wagonloads of grain with them.
YOHN:  Very wise, My Lady.
SANSA:  Maester Wolkan, you'll see to it?
WOLKAN bows and leaves.  SANSA and the others keep walking through the courtyard.  SANSA sees smiths hammering breastplate.
SANSA:  Are they covering those breastplates in leather?
YOHN:  No, My Lady.
SANSA:  Well, shouldn't they be once the real cold comes?
YOHN:  They should indeed.  Pardon me, My Lady.
YOHN steps over to the blacksmith.
YOHN:  You there, why isn't there leather on these?
SANSA and BAELISH continue walking.
BAELISH:  Command suits you.  The northerns are all facing north worried about the threat beyond the wall.
SANSA:  So they should be.
BAELISH:  I know Cersei better than anyone here.  If you turn your back on her --
SANSA:  You don't know Cersei better than anyone here.
BAELISH:  I only meant to say --
SANSA:  That the woman who murdered my mother, father and brother is dangerous?  Thank you for your wise council.
BAELISH:  One of two things will happen.  Either the dead will defeat the living, in which case all our troubles come to an end.  Or life will win out.  And what then?
BAELISH walks in front of SANSA and stops her.
BAELISH:  Don't fight in the north or the south.  Fight every battle everywhere always in your mind.  Everyone is your enemy, everyone is your friend, every possible series of events is happening all at once.  Live that way and nothing will surprise you.  Everything that happens will be something that you've seen before.
A Winterfell guard approaches SANSA and BAELISH.
GUARD:  Lady Sansa, at the gate.
SANSA turns and walks away from BAELISH.  There is a commotion at the gate.  People are gathered around.  SANSA rushes over to see what's going on.  Bran is in a cart in the Winterfell courtyard.  Bran looks at SANSA for a few moments without saying anything.
BRAN:  Hello, Sansa.
SANSA begins to cry and hugs BRAN.
SANSA and BRAN are sitting next to the Weirwood Tree having a discussion.
SANSA:  I wish Jon was here.
BRAN:  Yes.  I need to speak to him.
SANSA:  Your father's last living true born son.  You're Lord of Winterfell.
BRAN:  I can never be the Lord of Winterfell.  I can never be lord of anything.  I'm the three-eyed raven.
SANSA:  I don't know what that means.
BRAN:  It's difficult to explain.
SANSA:  Try, please, for me.
BRAN:  It means I can see everything.  Everything that's ever happened to everyone.  Everything that's happening right now.  It's all pieces, fragments.  I need to learn to see better.  When the long night comes again I need to be ready.
SANSA:  How do you know all of this?
BRAN:  The three-eyed raven taught me.
SANSA:  I thought you were the three-eyed raven.
BRAN:  I told you it's difficult to explain.
SANSA:  Bran --
BRAN:  I'm sorry for all that's happened to you.  I'm sorry it had to happen here at our home.  It was so beautiful that night.  Snow falling just like now.  And you were so beautiful in your white wedding dress.
SANSA appears shaken.  She quickly stands up to leave.
SANSA:  I have to go back inside, Bran.
BRAN:  I'll stay a bit longer.
ARCHMAESTER MARWYN, SAMWELL TARLEY and JORAH MORMONT are standing in JORAH's quarantine room.  JORAH's skin has scars over the surface and the Greyscale is completely gone.  MARWYN extends a medical tool and begins poking around to examine JORAH.
MARWYN:  Hmm.
MARWYN walks around JORAH and continues to exam him.
MARWYN:  Hmm.  Does it hurt?
JORAH:  A bit.  Less than before.
MARWYN:  The infection no longer appears to be active.
JORAH sighs with relief and looks at the floor.
MARWYN:  Unusual.  Unlikely.  One could almost be forgiven for thinking the entire upper layer of diseased skin was debrided and the underlying region treated with some sort of ointment.
JORAH:  I don't know anything about that.  I just started feeling better.  I assumed it was the rest that did it.
SAMWELL begins nodding his head in agreement.
JORAH:  And the climate.
MARWYN:  The climate?  You're free to go, Ser.  This chamber is needed for the infectious, which you are no longer.
MARWYN begins walking out of the room.
MARWYN:  Tarley, I'd like to speak with you in my study this evening.
JORAH and SAMWELL stay in the room and have a discussion.
JORAH:  How bad is it?
SAMWELL:  I suppose I'll find out this evening.
JORAH smiles and nods at SAMWELL.   He turns around and picks up his shirt.
SAMWELL:  Where will you go?
JORAH puts on his shirt and begins tying it up.
JORAH:  I surrendered to this sickness the moment I first saw it.  I knew it would kill me or I'd kill myself before it could.  Daenerys Stormborn convinced me otherwise.  The only place for me is with her.
JORAH turns to face SAMWELL.
JORAH:  I owe my life to her and you.
SAMWELL:  Your father saved me more than once.  It's the least I could do.
JORAH nods his head.
JORAH:  Perhaps our paths will cross again?
SAMWELL:  I hope they do.
SAMWELL reaches out to shake JORAH's hand.  JORAH hesitates for a moment, then takes SAMWELL's hand.  JORAH places his second hand over SAMWELL's.  SAMWELL turns and walks out of the room leaving JORAH alone.  JORAH looks out the window and smiles.
CUT TO:  ARCHMAESTER'S STUDY
MARWYN AND SAMWELL are having a discussion.
MARWYN:  You treated him?
SAMWELL:  Yes.
MARWYN:  Who told you to treat him?
SAMWELL:  No one.
MARWYN:  Who forbade you or anyone to attempt to treat him?
SAMWELL:  I seem to remember you.
MARWYN:  But you treated him anyway?
SAMWELL:  I did.
MARWYN:  I forbade it because it's dangerous and rarely successful.  Especially on someone of that age.  You could have infected yourself and others.  You could have devastated the entire Citadel.  But you didn't.  It's a meticulous, difficult procedure.  Many maesters whose chains are heavy with healing links have attempted it and failed.  But you succeeded.  How?
SAMWELL:  I read the books and followed the instructions.
MARWYN stands up and walks from behind his desk.
MARWYN:  That man is alive because of you.  You should be proud.
SAMWELL:  Thank you, Archmaester.
MARWYN:  Come here.
MARWYN and SAMWELL walk to a table in the study.  It's covered in moldy books and scrolls.
MARWYN:  All these manuscripts and scrolls and rotting away.  I need you to make copies of them.
SAMWELL says nothing.
MARWYN:  You were expecting a reward?  Your reward is not being immediately expelled from the Citadel.  You'd better get started.  Be mindful of the paper mites.  They like flesh as well.
MARWYN walks out of the room to leave SAMWELL to his work.
DAENERYS, VARYS, MISSANDEI and TYRION are standing around the painted table having a discussion.  TYRION knocks over one of the figurines as DAENERYS and VARYS speak.
DAENERYS:  We need to find Euron Greyjoy's fleet and sink it.
VARYS:  Your Grace, he's already destroyed a good portion of our fleet.  To send our remaining ships after him --
DAENERYS:  I'm not talking about sending our ships after him.
DAENERYS pauses and looks at VARYS.  VARYS looks at TYRION.
TYRION:  But you'll have to go yourself.  Euron's ships could be anywhere or in more than one place.  You'd be flying around the open seas alone for who knows how long.
DAENERYS:  I wouldn't be alone.  I'd have Drogon, Vicerion and Rhaegal.  What can anyone do to them?
MISSANDEI:  They can still do something to you.  It only takes one arrow.
TYRION:  It's too great a risk.  You're too important.
DAENERYS looks down at the painted table.
DAENERYS:  What about Casterly Rock?
VARYS:  The Unsullied will be there soon.
MISSANDEI:  And what will they face?
VARYS:  A difficult situation.  They know we're coming.
TYRION:  Yes.  Cersei believes my sole purpose in life is to destroy House Lannister.  She will be ready.
CUT TO: CASTERLY ROCK
TYRION continues narrating as the castle is seen in the distance on top of some cliffs.
TYRION:  No one has ever taken the rock.
Lannister archers are shown on top of the battlements.  There are hundreds of ships sailing in the ocean heading to Casterly Rock.
TYRION:  The Lannister army is still the army my father built.  Well trained and well provisioned.  10,000 men at least.  They will see us coming.
GREY WORM is standing in a landing boat with other Unsullied on their way to the beach.  He puts on his helmet and readies himself for battle.
TYRION:  They will be ready.
A man is running across the battlements stocking arrows for the archers.  Men are stacking rocks along the wall to throw down at the invaders.
MAN:  Draw!  Loose!
Archers loose a set of arrows down onto rows of Unsullied marching on the walls of the castle.
TYRION:  The gates of Casterly Rock are impregnable.
Unsullied are being killed by incoming arrows.  Unsullied soldiers begin setting up ladders to scale the battlements.  The Lannister army throws rocks from the top of the wall.
TYRION:  The fight up the walls will be hard.  We'll be at a disadvantage.  Many men will die.
The archers are easily defending the castle and killing Unsullied soldiers.
TYRION starts narrating a different battle plan.
TYRION:  Interesting thing about my father.  He built our house up from near ruin.  He built our army.  He built Casterly Rock as we know it, but he didn't build the sewers.  That was beneath him.  So he gave the job to the lowest person he could find.  Me.  He was right.  I was low.  The company I kept low, women mostly.  They weren't welcome at the Rock.  Father disapproved of that sort of behavior.  I couldn't walk them through the front gates.  I couldn't have them in my chambers.  So in the process of building the sewers I threw in something for myself.
TYRION continues to narrate.  GREY WORM is in a landing boat sailing for a small opening in the side of a cliff.
TYRION:  It was a passage that began by the sea and ended beneath one of the main guard towers.
The Unsullied sail into the passage.  They jump out of the boat and rush into the sewers.  GREY WORM pushes up a manhole cover and emerges into the castle.  Guards are seen running by and don't notice GREY WORM and the other Unsullied soldiers sneaking in.
TYRION:  No better place for low pursuits.  Casterly Rock, the impregnable fortress.
The Unsullied are running through the courtyard cutting down Lannister men.
TYRION:  As a good friend of mine once said, "give me 10 good men and I'll impregnate the bitch."
The Unsullied fight their way to the main door in the courtyard.  GREY WORM lifts off the bar and opens the door.  Unsullied soldiers coming rushing through the gate by the hundreds.  They begin cutting down every Lannister in their way.
TYRION:  And so it begins.  They will face the bulk of the Lannister forces.  They will be outnumbered.  They will have less armor and fewer weapons.
There is general mayhem as the battle rages on in the courtyard.  GREY WORM breaks from the main fight and starts climbing to the battlements.  He is disposing of men with his spear on the way.
TYRION:  But as my sister's armies fights for her, the Unsullied will be fighting for something greater.  They will be fighting for freedom and the person who gave it to them.  They will be fighting for you.  And that is why they will triump.
GREY WORM is fighting in a hallway killing men from both directions.  A Lannister charges towards GREY WORM.  GREY WORM throws his spear and impales the Lannister soldier to a door.  The battle is over.  GREY WORM and other Unsullied soldiers are stepping over dozens of dead Lannisters on the battlements.  GREY WORM removes his helmet and one of his men speak in Valyrian.
UNSULLIED 1:  There are none left.
GREY WORM:  There are supposed to be more than this.  Many more.
GREY WORM turns to look out from the battlements towards the ocean.  The Unsullied fleet is under attack from the Iron Fleet and many boats are sunk or in flames.  GREY WORM's face twists in anger.  GREY WORM steps down from the battlement and grabs a bleeding Lannister soldier.  GREY WORM begins speaking English.
GREY WORM:  Where are they?  Where are the rest of the Lannisters?
Thousands of fully armored Lannister soldiers are marching towards Highgarden.  JAIME is riding his horse inspecting the lines of soldiers.  He rides over and joins BRONN, RANDYLL TARLEY and DICKON TARLEY.  The camera shifts focus to Lady Olenna who is watching the advancing army from a balcony in Highgarden.  She turns and walks back into her castle.
Some time has passed.  The battle is already over.  JAIME is walking in the courtyard and there are dead Tyrell men scattered everywhere.  JAIME climbs to the top of the tower to meet OLENNA TYRELL.
CUT TO:  OLENNA'S QUARTERS
Olenna is sitting alone at a table wearing all black.  JAIME opens the door and enters the room.
OLENNA:  It's done?
JAIME:  It is.
OLENNA:  And now the rains weep for our whores.  Did we fight well?
JAIME:  I suppose as well as can be expected.
JAIME walks to the wine and pours two glasses.
OLENNA:  It was never our forte.  Golden roses indeed.  Your brother and his new queen thought you would be defending Casterly Rock.
JAIME:  The truth is Casterly Rock isn't worth much anymore.  Well, it is to me.  My fond childhood memories won't keep Cersei on the throne.
OLENNA:  So you'll just let them take it?
JAIME:  For now.  They won't be able to hold it.  Euron Greyjoy's navy burned their ships, we emptied the larders before we left.  Eventually they'll be forced to abandon their position and march all the way across Westeros.
JAIME walks to where OLENNA is sitting and places both wine glasses on the table and sits down.
OLENNA:  And you took your army, your real army, and went where they weren't?
JAIME:  As Robb Stark did to me at Whispering Wood.  There are always lessons in failures.
OLENNA:  Yes.  You must be very wise by now.
JAIME:  My father always said I was a slow learner.
OLENNA:  If he was so clever why didn't he take Highgarden the moment your gold mines ran dry?  I suppose I'll be able to ask him myself soon enough.  No more learning from my mistakes, eh?  How will you do it?  With that sword?
JAIME shakes his head no.
OLENNA:  That was Joffrey's sword, wasn't it?  Not that he ever used it.  What did he call it?
JAIME:  Widow's Wail.
OLENNA:  He really was a cunt, wasn't he?  I did unspeakable things to protect my family, or watched them being done on my orders.  I never lost a night's sleep over them.  They were necessary.  And whatever I imagined necessary for the safety of House Tyrell I did.  But your sister has done things I wasn't capable of imagining.  That was my prize mistake, a failure of imagination.  She's a monster, you do know that?
JAIME:  To you, sure.  To others as well.  But after we've won and there's no one left to oppose us, the people living peaceful in the world she built, do you really think they'll wring their hands over the way she built it?
OLENNA:  You love her.  You really do love her.  You poor fool.  She'll be the end of you.
JAIME:  Possibly.  Not much to be gained from discussing it with you though, is there?
OLENNA:  What better person to discuss it with?  What better guarantee could you have that the things you say will never leave this room?  But perhaps you're right.  If she's driven you this far it's gone beyond your control.
JAIME:  Yes, it has.
OLENNA:  She's a disease.  I regret my role in spreading it.  You will too.
JAIME:  I think we're done here.
JAIME stands up and moves closer to OLENNA.
OLENNA:  How will it happen?
JAIME:  Cersei had several ideas.  Whipping you through the streets and beheading you in front of the Red Keep.  Flaying you alive and hanging you from the walls of King's Landing.  I talked her out of those.
OLENNA looks up at JAIME.  JAIME produces a small vial from a pouch on his belt and pops the cork off with his thumb.  He pours the contents of the vial into one of the glasses of wine and slides it in front of OLENNA.
OLENNA:  Will there be pain?
JAIME:  No.  I made sure of that.
OLENNA:  That's good.
OLENNA reaches out and takes the wine.  She drinks the entire cup.  She looks back to JAIME.
OLENNA:  I'd hate to die like your son clawing at my neck, foam and bile spilling from my mouth, eyes blood red, skin purple.  It must have been horrible for you as a Kingsguard, as a father.  It was horrible enough for me.  A shocking scene.  Not at all what I intended.  You see, I'd never seen the posion work before.  Tell Cersei.  I want her to know it was me.
JAIME's face twists in anger.  He turns and walks out of the room leaving OLENNA alone.
END CREDITS
JAIME:  Halt that wagon!
JAIME opens the carriage.  It is filled with gold bars and coins.  He picks up a large sack and hands it to BRONN.
BRONN:  You just won the biggest prize in the world.  What could you possibly have to be upset about?  Come on.  You can tell me.  Queen of Thorns give you one last prick in the balls before saying goodbye?
JAIME:  I'll save my confessions for the High Septon.
BRONN:  There is no more High Septon.
JAIME:  No, there isn't, is there?
BRONN:  There is still the question of my prize.
JAIME is putting a padlock on the wagon bearing the gold.  He stops and turns to BRONN.
JAIME:  That's a lot of money I just gave you.
BRONN:  It's not a castle.
BRONN turns and points to Highgarden.
BRONN:  How about that one?  It's available.
JAIME:  You don't want Highgarden.
BRONN:  I beg to differ.
JAIME:  We're at war.  Daenerys Targaryen could come take it back the day after you move in.  Besides, think of the upkeep.  The more you own, the more it weighs you down.
BRONN:  Oh, is that why you're so fucking glum, eh?  All your new riches weighing you down?
JAIME pounds on the back of the carriage and the horses start trotting.
JAIME:  They're not mine.  The gold belongs to the Iron Bank.  We pay our debts.
BRONN:  Right.  Just not to me.
JAIME:  Bronn of the Blackwater, formerly of whatever nameless shit heap you're from with a saddlebag full of gold complaining about not getting paid.  When we win this war all the castles in the Seven Kingdoms will be yours to choose from with no one left to take them away from you.
BRONN:  Yes, I'm sure Queen Cersei's reign will be quiet and peaceful.
JAIME:  Stranger things have happened.
BRONN:  Like what?
RANDYLL TARLEY and his son DICKON come riding up on horseback.  RANDYLL addresses JAIME.
RANDYLL:  The granaries are being emptied and loaded into wagons, My Lord.
JAIME:  The current harvest?
DICKON:  We have teams of men collecting it and more farmers in the Reach.
JAIME looks over to BRONN.
JAIME:  Ser Bronn, will you accompany the Tarleys and help them accelerate this process?
BRONN:  I'm not much for shoveling weight.
JAIME:  No, but motivating reluctant farmers to hand over their harvest, I've heard you guys have a real talent for that.
RANDYLL:  My Lord.
DICKON:  My Lord.
RANDYLL, DICKON and BRONN break away from the Lannister army and ride into the distance.  Horse drawn carts are carrying spoils from Highgarden and Lannister men are marching down the road.
CERSEI and TYCHO NESTORIS from the Iron Bank of Braavos are sitting having a discussion.
TYCHO:  I must say, I don't think the Iron Bank has ever had a debt of this magnitude repaid in a single installment.  I always considered your father a very effective and efficient man, but you appear to be redefining those terms entirely.
CERSEI:  You're too kind, My Lord.
TYCHO:  I am neither kind, nor a lord, Your Grace.  I am merely an instrument of the institution I represent, its wellbeing is a matter of arithmetic, not sentiment.  And the current arithmetic is outstanding.  The gold --
CERSEI:  Is on its way.  My brother is supervising its transportation himself.
TYCHO:  Some at the Iron Bank will be disappointed.  They've grown rather fond of your interest payments.
CERSEI:  We must devise a way to raise their spirits.
TYCHO:  Yes.  Perhaps we could be of assistance in some current venture.
CERSEI:  My only venture at the moment is reestablishing control over this continent and every person on it.
TYCHO:  I see a great deal of potential in that venture.  I imagine that it would require outside investment?
CERSEI:  It will indeed.  I need to expand my armies, my navies.  My hand, Qyburn, had made overtures to the Golden Company in Essos.
TYCHO:  I know them well.  They've helped us recover significant sums from parties who had fallen into deep arrears.
CERSEI:  That's good to hear.  I too would like them to recover some things that belong to me.
TYCHO:  Rest assured, Your Grace, you can count on the Iron Bank's support, as soon as the gold arrives.
BRAN is sitting in a wheelchair.  PETER BAELISH is sitting next to him.  BAELISH unsheathes a Valyrian steel dagger and shows it to BRAN.  It's the same dagger used in the attempt to assassinate BRAN years ago.
BAELISH:  This is for you.
BAELISH flips the knife in his hand and extends it towards BRAN.
BAELISH:  The last man who wielded it meant to cut your throat, but your mother fought him off.
BRAN reaches out and takes the knife, turning it and looking it over carefully.
BAELISH:  The other dagger, the one that took her life, I would have stopped that dagger with my own heart if I could have.  I wasn't there for her when she needed me most.  But I am here for her now.  To do what she would have done, to protect her children.  Anything I can do for you, Brandon, you need only ask.
BRAN:  Do you know who this belonged to?
BAELISH:  No.  That very question was what started the War of the Five Kings.  In a way, that dagger made you what you are today.  Forced from your home, driven out to the wilds beyond the Wall.  I imagine you've seen things most men wouldn't believe.
BAELISH hands the sheath of the knife to BRAN.  BRAN slides the knife into the sheath.
BAELISH:  To go through all of that and make your way home again only to find such chaos in the world, I can only imagine --
BRAN:  Chaos is a ladder.
BRAN is staring at BAELISH.  BAELISH stops speaking.  The door opens and Meera appears.
BAELISH:  I'm sorry to have disturbed you, Lord Stark.
BAELISH stands up to leave.
BRAN:  I'm not Lord Stark.
BAELISH bows and walks past Meera and closes the door.
MEERA notices BRAN sitting in a wheelchair.
MEERA:  What's that?
BRAN:  Maester Wolkan built it for me so I can move around more easily.
MEERA:  It's a very good idea.
BRAN:  You're leaving?
MEERA:  I don't want to leave you, but when they come I need to be with my family.  And you're safe, safe as anyone can be now.  You don't need me anymore.
BRAN:  No, I don't.
MEERA:  That's all you've got to say?
BRAN:  Thank you.
MEERA:  Thank you?
BRAN:  For helping me.
MEERA:  My brother died for you.  Hodor and Summer died for you.  I almost died for you.  Bran!
BRAN:  I'm not really, not anymore.  I remember what it felt like to be Brandon Stark, but I remember so much else now.
MEERA begins to cry.
MEERA:  You died in that cave.
MEERA turns to walk out the door.  She hesitates looking at BRAN, then walks out.
CUT TO:  EXT WINTERFELL:
There is a snow blown field.  ARYA is riding on a horse.  Winterfell can be seen far in the distance.
ARYA approaches the main gate on foot.  Two guards are huddled by a brazier getting warm.  There's indistinct chatter.  One of the men notice ARYA walking to the gate and approach her.
MAN 1:  Hey, oh.  Where are you going?
ARYA:  In there.  I live here.
MAN 1:  Fuck off.
ARYA:  I'm Arya Stark.  This is my home.
Both men look at each and start laughing.
MAN 1:  Arya Stark is dead.
ARYA:  Send for Maester Llewyn or Ser Rodrick.  They'll tell you who I am.
MAN 2:  There's no Rodrick here.
MAN 1:  Maester's name is Wolkan.
ARYA:  Go ask Jon Snow then, the King in the North.  He's my brother
MAN 1:  He's a thousand miles away.
MAN 2:  It's cold.  We're busy.  So, you know, best fuck off.
MAN 1:  Mm-hmm.
ARYA:  If Jon Snow is gone who is in charge of Winterfell?
MAN 2:  The Lady of Winterfell, Lady Stark.
ARYA:  Which Lady Stark?
MAN 1:  You tell us.  You're the one impersonating her sister.
ARYA:  Tell Sansa her sister is home.
MAN 1:  Lady Sansa is too busy to waster her breath on you, just like us.  So for the last time, fuck off.
MAN 1 goes to grab Arya but she easily dodges out of his grasp.
ARYA:  I'm getting into this castle one way or another.  If I'm not who I say I am, I won't last long.  But if I am, and Sansa finds out that you turned me away...
ARYA keeps glancing at the men.  They look uneasy.  They bring her inside of the gate.  They indicate towards a cart near the entrance.
MAN 2:  You sit there.  Right there.  Don't move.
Both guards have a conversation out of earshot of Arya.
MAN 2:  Go tell Lady Stark.  I'll watch her.
ARYA is glancing around Winterfell.  Men are working building tools and cutting wood.  ARYA looks over and sees a Winterfell flag sigil hanging from the wall.  The two guards are still arguing.
MAN 1:  You tell her.
MAN 2:  I'm not.
MAN 1:  Because if you don't I'll hit you right in the fucking face as hard as I can.
The guards turn around and ARYA is gone.
Sansa is sitting at a table reviewing documents.  The two guards are in Sansa's room explaining what happened.
MAN 2:  We told her to wait.  We were standing right next to her.
SANSA sighs.
MAN 1:  When we turned around she had gone, My Lady.  She was nothing.  Some winter town girl.
MAN 2:  She comes in asking for Ser Rodrick and Maester Llewyn.
MAN 1:  Don't trouble yourself over it, My Lady.  We'll find her.
SANSA:  You don't have to.  I know where she is.
ARYA is standing look at a statue of Ned Stark holding his sword.  ARYA hears a sound and turns to see SANSA approaching.  SANSA stops when she sees ARYA.
ARYA:  Do I have to call you Lady Stark now?
SANSA hesitates for a moment.
SANSA:  Yes.
SANSA begins smiling then walking towards ARYA.  SANSA reaches out and hugs ARYA.
SANSA:  You shouldn't have run from the guards.
ARYA:  I didn't run.  You need better guards.
SANSA smirks at ARYA.
ARYA:  It suits you, Lady Stark.  Jon left you in charge?
SANSA:  He did.  I hope he comes back soon.  I remember how happy he was to see me.  When he sees you, his heart will probably stop.
Both girls turn and look at the statue of Ned Stark.
ARYA:  That doesn't look like him.  It should have been carved by someone who knew his face.
SANSA:  Everyone who knew his face is dead.
ARYA:  We're not.
ARYA turns to face SANSA.
ARYA:  They say you killed Joffrey.  Did you?
SANSA:  I wish I had.
ARYA:  Me too.  I was angry when I heard someone else had done it.  However long my list got he was always first.
SANSA:  Your list?
ARYA:  Of people I'm going to kill.
SANSA begins to laugh.  ARYA joins her.
SANSA:  How did you get back to Winterfell?
ARYA:  It's a long story.  I imagine yours is too.
SANSA:  Yes.  It's not a very pleasant one.
ARYA:  Mine neither, but our stories aren't over yet.
SANSA:  No, they're not.
The girls both embrace again.
SANSA:  Arya, Bran's home too.
ARYA smiles and looks at SANSA.  SANSA doesn't smile back.  The smile fades from ARYA's face.
BRAN is sitting next to the Weirwood tree.  SANSA and ARYA approach.  BRAN turns to look at them.  BRAN begins speaking to ARYA.
BRAN:  You came home.
ARYA steps forward and throws her arms around BRAN.  SANSA smiles in the background.  ARYA lets go and steps back.
BRAN:  I saw you at the crossroads.
ARYA:  You saw me?
BRAN:  I see quite a lot now.
SANSA:  Bran has visions.
BRAN:  I thought you might go to King's Landing.
ARYA:  So did I.
SANSA:  Why would you go back there?
BRAN:  Cersei is on her list of names.
ARYA stares at BRAN.  ARYA turns to look at SANSA.
SANSA:  Who else is on your list?
ARYA:  Most of them are dead already.
BRAN produces the Valyrian dagger that BAELISH gave him and unsheathes it.
ARYA:  Where did you get this?
BRAN:  Littlefinger gave it to me.
ARYA:  Littlefinger, he's here?
ARYA turns to look at SANSA.
SANSA:  He's declared for House Stark.
SANSA steps up closer to BRAN and speaks to him.
SANSA:  Why would he give you a dagger?
BRAN:  He thought I'd want it.
SANSA:  Why?
BRAN:  Because it was meant to kill me.
SANSA:  The cutthroat after your fall?
ARYA:  Why would a cutthroat have a Valyrian steel dagger?
BRAN:  Someone very wealthy wanted me dead.
SANSA:  He's not a generous man.  He wouldn't give you anything unless he thought he was getting something back.
BRAN:  It doesn't matter.
SANSA:  What do you mean it doesn't matter?
BRAN:  I don't want it.
BRAN holds the knife out to ARYA.  ARYA looks at BRAN.
ARYA:  Are you sure?  It's Valyrian steel.
BRAN:  It's wasted on a cripple.
ARYA looks down at the dagger.  She steps forward and takes it from BRAN.
ARYA is pushing BRAN in his wheelchair and SANSA is next to them.  The Stark children are walking back through the gate of Winterfell.  Men are milling around doing various jobs.  BRIENNE and PODRICK see the Stark children all back at Winterfell together.
PODRICK:  Catelyn Stark would be proud.  You kept your vow.
BRIENNE:  I did next to nothing.
PODRICK:  You're too hard on yourself, My Lady.
BRIENNE:  I'm not a --
BRIENNE pauses for a moment.
BRIENNE:  Thank you, Podrick.
CUT TO:  DRAGONSTONE
DAENERYS and MISSANDEI are walking along a path outside of Dragonstone followed by members of the Queensguard.
MISSANDEI:  Your Grace, there's still no word from the Unsullied.
DAENERYS:  Soon.  They will come back to me.
MISSANDEI:  He better.
DAENERYS stops and turns to look at MISSANDEI.  She then continues walking.
DAENERYS:  What happened?
MISSANDEI begins smirking.
MISSANDEI:  Many things.
DAENERYS:  Many things?
Jon Snow appears at the bottom of the path.
JON:  Your Grace.
DAENERYS looks at MISSANDEI then her Queensguard.  She speaks in Valyrian and motions to her guard to stand down.
DAENERYS:  It's all right.
DAENERYS descends the stairs with MISSANDEI and they begin walking with JON.  They walk along the beach until they reach a cave.  DAVOS is waiting for them with a lit torch.
JON:  I wanted you to see it before we start hacking it to bits.
JON leads DAENERYS and MISSANDEI into the cave.  He lights a brazier and illuminates the Dragonglass along the walls.  He continues walking deeper into the cave.
JON:  So this is it, all we'll ever need.
DAENERYS is looking up at the walls of Dragonglass.
JON:  There is something else I want to show your, Your Grace.
JON and DAENERYS go to a further chamber in the cave.  There are murals painted on the walls of Dragonglass.
JON:  The Children of the Forest made these.
DAENERYS:  When?
JON:  A very long time ago.
DAENERYS:  They were right here standing where we're standing before there were Targaryens or Starks or Lannisters.  Maybe even before there were men.
JON:  No.
DAENERYS stops looking at the walls and turns to look at JON.  JON walks to another wall and begins to examine the murals.  The murals depict Children of the Forest and the First Men standing together.
JON:  They were here together the Children and the First Men.
DAENERYS:  Doing what?  Fighting each other?
JON takes DAENERYS by the arm and swings her torch to another part of the wall.  There is a mural of the Night King and White Walkers.
DAENERYS:  They fought together against their common enemy.  Despite their differences, despite their suspicions, together.  We need to do the same if we're going to survive.
JON and DAENERYS look back at the wall with the Night King.
JON:  Because the enemy is real.  It's always been real.
DAENERYS turns to look at JON.
DAENERYS:  And you say you can't defeat them without my armies and my dragons?
JON:  No, I don't think I can.
DAENERYS steps forward closer to JON.
DAENERYS:  I will fight for you.  I will fight for the north...when you bend the knee.
JON:  My people won't accept a southern ruler, not after everything they've suffered.
DAENERYS steps even closer to JON until they're face to face.
DAENERYS:  They will if their king does.  They chose you to lead them.  They chose you to protect them.  Isn't their survival more important than your pride?
JON and DAENERYS, DAVOS and MISSANDEI are walking out of the cave.  As they exit TYRION and VARYS are standing on the beach awaiting them.  DAENERYS begins addressing Tyrion.
DAENERYS:  What is it?
TYRION:  We took Casterly Rock.
DAENERYS:  That's very good to hear.
TYRION and VARYS look at each other.  They aren't eager to deliver the bad news.
DAENERYS:  Isn't it?
The group are all walking along the beach.  Daenerys is displeased.
DAVOS:  You'll want to discuss this amongst yourselves.  Perhaps --
DAENERYS:  You will stay.  All my allies are gone.  They've been taken from me while I've been sitting here on this island.
TYRION:  We still have the largest army.
DAENERYS:  Who won't be able to eat because Cersei has taken all the food from the Reach.
TYRION:  Call Grey Worm and the Unsullied back.  We still have enough ships to carry the Dothraki to the mainland.  Commit to the blockade of King's Landing.  We have a plan.  It's still the right plan.
DAENERYS stops walking, turns and speaks harshly to Tyrion.
DAENERYS:  The right plan?  Your strategy has lost us Dorne, the Iron Islands and the Reach.
TYRION:  If I've underestimated our enemies --
DAENERYS:  Our enemies?  Your family, you mean.  Perhaps you don't want to hurt them after all.
DAENERYS begins looking out to the ocean.  Three dragons are flying in the sky over the water.
DAENERYS:  Enough with the clever plans.
DAENERYS turns back and looks at TYRION.
DAENERYS:  I have three large dragons.  I'm going to fly them to the Red Keep.
TYRION:  We've discussed this.
DAENERYS:  My enemies are in the Red Keep.  What kind of a queen am I if I'm not willing to risk my life to fight them?
TYRION:  A smart one.
DAENERYS looks over to JON SNOW.
DAENERYS:  What do you think I should do?
JON:  I would never presume to --
DAENERYS:  I'm at war.  I'm losing.
DAENERYS begins walking close to JON.
DAENERYS:  What do you think I should do?
JON looks over the ocean at the dragons flying.
JON:  I never thought that dragons would exist again.  No one did.  The people who follow you know that you made something impossible happen.  Maybe that helps them believe that you can make other impossible things happen.  Build a world that's different from the shit one they've always known.
JON glances back towards the dragons.
JON:  But if you use them to melt castles and burn cities, you're not different.  You're just more of the same.
DAENERYS looks back out to her dragons flying along the water.
BRIENNE and PODRICK are sparring.  BRIENNE kicks PODS foot out from under him and he lands face first in the dirt.
BRIENNE:  Don't lunge.
PODRICK pushes himself back up and picks up his sword.  PODRICK attacks again.  Brienne blocks his blows and kicks his foot out again.
BRIENNE:  Don't go where your enemy leads you.
ARYA is watching the sparring session from across the courtyard.  She begins to approach Brienne.
BRIENNE:  Up.
BRIENNE begins striking at PODRICK while he blocks her blows.  BRIENNE hits PODRICK in the stomach with the hilt of her sword and PODRICK lands on the ground.
BRIENNE:  And don't --
ARYA:  Don't fight someone like her in the first place.
PODRICK stands up and retrieves his sword.  ARYA walks closer to speak to BRIENNE.
BRIENNE:  Nice sword.  Very nice dagger.
ARYA looks down at the Valyrian dagger and unsheathes it.  She approaches BRIENNE flipping the knife several times in her fingers.  BRIENNE takes the dagger and examines it.
SANSA and BAELISH are walking along the upper section of the courtyard having a conversation.
SANSA:  If they haven't contributed the right amount of grain to the stores then I'm afraid they'll have to make due with --
SANSA sees ARYA in the courtyard speaking with BRIENNE and stops to watch her.
ARYA(TO BRIENNE):  It's been awhile since I've trained.
BRIENNE:  I can go and find the Master of Arms for you, My Lady.
ARYA:  He didn't beat the hound.  You did.  I want to train with you.
BRIENNE chuckles.
ARYA:  You swore to serve both of my mother's daughters, didn't you?
BRIENNE nods her head in agreement.
BRIENNE:  Move aside, Podrick.
PODRICK backs away.  ARYA draws her sword, Needle.
BRIENNE:  You can't use that, My Lady.  It's too small.
ARYA:  I won't cut you.  Don't worry.
BRIENNE smirks and raises her sword to a fighting posture.
BRIENNE:  I'll try not to.
BRIENNE strikes at ARYA who quickly sidesteps and parries the attack.  BRIENNE attacks again and ARYA sidesteps, dodges multiple strikes and parries BRIENNE while smiling.  ARYA strikes at BRIENNE and hits her hand causing BRIENNE to flinch and lose her two-handed grip on her sword.  BRIENNE regains composure and starts to circle ARYA.  BAELISH and SANSA are still watching from the upper balcony.  ARYA is waiting for an attack with her sword behind her back.  BRIENNE strikes and ARYA blocks her attacks, spins and stabs behind her back and hits BRIENNE in the knee causing BRIENNE's sword to strike the dirt.  BRIENNE kicks ARYA in the stomach and sends ARYA to the ground.  ARYA quickly gets back to her feet.  BRIENNE overpowers ARYA and ARYA drops her sword on the ground.  BRIENNE strikes again but ARYA dodges, draws her Valyrian dagger and puts it near BRIENNE's neck.  BRIENNE and ARYA both stop fighting and sheathe their weapons smiling.
BRIENNE:  Who taught you to do that?
ARYA:  No one.
ARYA collects her sword.  SANSA walks away.  BAELISH remains on the balcony staring at ARYA who looks up at him.  BAELISH bows to ARYA and walks away.
CUT TO:  DRAGONSTONE
JON and DAVOS are walking along the paths outside of Dragonstone having a discussion.
DAVOS:  What do you think of her?
JON:  Who?
DAVOS sighs
DAVOS:  I believe you know of whom I speak.
JON:  I think she has a good heart.
DAVOS:  A good heart?  I've noticed you starring at that good heart.
JON:  There's no time for that.  I saw the Night King, Davos.  I looked into his eyes.  How many men do we have in the north to fight him?  10,000?  Less?
DAVOS:  Fewer.
JON:  What?
DAVOS and JON near the end of the path.  MISSANDEI is standing along the path looking at the ocean.
DAVOS:  Speaking of good hearts, Missandei of Naarth.
MISSANDEI turns to looks at DAVOS and JON.
MISSANDEI:  Ser Davos, Lord Snow.
DAVOS:  King Snow, isn't it?  No?  That doesn't sound right.  King Jon?
JON:  It doesn't matter.
MISSANDEI:  Forgive me, but may I ask a question?
JON:  Of course.
MISSANDEI:  Your name is Jon Snow, but your father's name was Ned Stark?
JON:  I'm a bastard.  My mother and father weren't married.
DAVOS:  Is the custom different in Naarth?
MISSANDEI:  We don't have marriage in Naarth so the concept of a bastard doesn't exist.
DAVOS:  The sounds liberating.
JON:  Why did you leave your homeland?
MISSANDEI:  I was stolen away by slavers.
JON:  I'm sorry.
DAVOS:  If I may, how did a slave girl come to advise Daenerys Targaryen?
MISSANDEI:  She bought me from my master and set me free.
DAVOS:  That was good of her.  Of course you're serving her now, aren't you?
MISSANDEI:  I serve my queen because I want to serve my queen.  Because I believe in her.
JON:  And if you wanted to sail home to Naarth tomorrow --
MISSANDEI:  Then she would give me a ship and wish me good fortune.
JON:  You believe that?
MISSANDEI:  I know it.  All of us who came with her from Essos, we believe in her.  She's not our queen because she's the daughter of some king we never knew.  She's the queen we chose.
DAVOS(to JON):  You'll forgive me if I switch sides.
JON notices a single ship sailing into the bay.  It has a kraken sigil.  MISSANDEI turns to look.
JON:  Is that a Greyjoy ship?
THEON GREYJOY and other Iron Born are pulling their landing boat onto the beach wading through the surf.  They pull the boat onto the sand.  JON SNOW, MISSANDEI, DAVOS and Dothraki guards are waiting to meet them.  JON sees THEON and both men freeze and stare at each other.  JON steps forward towards THEON.
THEON:  Jon.  I didn't know you were here.
THEON steps closer to JON.
THEON:  Sansa, is she all right?
JON grabs THEON by his shirt and pulls him face to face.
JON:  What you did for her is the only reason I'm not killing you.
JON releases THEON.
DAVOS:  We heard your uncle attacked your fleet.  We thought you were dead.
THEON:  I should be.
DAVOS:  Your sister?
THEON:  Euron has her.  I came to ask the queen to help get her back.
JON:  The queen is gone.
THEON:  Where did she go?
The Lannister army is returning from sacking Highgarden.  They are delivering gold and food to King's Landing.  There are carts and men that haven't made it into the city gates yet.  JAIME and BRONN are supervising the procession.  RANDYLL TARLEY comes riding up on his horse.
RANDYLL:  All of the gold is safely through the gates of King's Landing.
JAIME:  Good.
RANDYLL:  We need to get the last of these wagons over the Blackwater Rush before nightfall.  If the head of the line is ambushed, the tail will never be able to reinforce in time.
JAIME:  We are stretched a bit thin.
RANDYLL:  With your permission, flogging stragglers has a marked effect on mobility.
JAIME:  Let's give them fair warning first.  These men fought well at Highgarden.
RANDYLL is clearly disappointed.  He turns and rides off back to the line of soldiers.  JAIME and BRONN exchange glances, then follow RANDYLL.  BRONN and JAIME are riding through the ranks.  DICKON TARLEY sees JAIME and starts a conversation.
DICKON:  Ser Jaime.
JAIME:  Rickon.
DICKON:  Dickon.
BRONN openly laughs in DICKON's face and looks at JAIME.
JAIME:  I hear you fought bravely at Highgarden.  Your first battle?
DICKON nods his head in agreement.
JAIME:  And?
DICKON:  It was glorious.
BRONN:  Come on.  Your father's not here.
DICKON:  All my life we've been pledged to House Tyrell.  I knew some of those men.  I hunted with them.
JAIME:  They didn't deserve to die.  But Lady Olenna chose to betray the queen and support the Targaryen girl.  So here we are.
DICKON:  I didn't expect it to smell like that.
BRONN:  Men shit themselves when they die.  Didn't they teach you that at fancy lad school?
JAIME looks over at BRONN
BRONN:  Well, I learned it when I was 5.
BRONN pauses and strains to hear a noise far in the distance.
JAIME:  What?
BRONN:  Listen.
Horses and high pitched war cries are heard  beyond the hill in the distance.  JAIME takes off at a gallop yelling orders to the soldiers on the road.
JAIME:  Spears and shields!  Spears and shields!
The men jump into action and start arming themselves.
JAIME:  Spears and shields!
BRONN:  In line now!
RANDYLL is riding across the battlefield yelling orders to men.
RANDYLL:  Come on, lads.  Not those wagons.  Fall in line.  Fall in line.
The Lannister army gets in formation to repel the invading horde.   Lannister archers line up behind the pikemen.  The horde is drawing closer.  The Dothraki come riding over the hill with curved swords held overhead and screaming.  There are a thousand of them or more.
DICKON draws his sword.  RANDYLL is yelling orders to the men.
RANDYLL:  Spears armed!
The Lannister pikemen drop their spears into a fighting position and ready their shields.  BRONN rides up to JAIME.
BRONN:  Get back to King's Landing.
JAIME:  I'm not abandoning my army.
BRONN:  You're a commander, not a damned infantryman.  These fuckers are about to swamp us.
JAIME:  We can hold them off.
A dragon can be heard roaring in the distance.  DAENERYS and DROGON come flying over the Dothraki and over the battlefield.  DAENERYS commands DROGON to attack.
DAENERYS:  Dracarys!
DROGON breathes fire into the first line of Lannister soldiers.  The men burst into flames and start screaming.  DICKON looks on in shock.  A flanking group of Dothraki Screamers ride over the flames through the hole created by Drogon and start cutting men down.  JAIME attempts to issue orders to the men.
JAIME:  Hold the line!
The main force of Dothraki crashes into shielded pikemen.  Men on both sides are being slaughtered.  A second wave of Dothraki Screamers ride in.  They switch from a seated position to standing atop their saddles shooting bow and arrow.  The Lannister archers fire back and many men are killed.  DAENERYS and DROGON circle around and billow flames across the battlefield.  DAENERYS steers DROGON down the King's Road.  DROGON spews flames and destroys the carriages along the road.  Carts are exploding into pieces, barrels are flying through the air.  JAIME is looking at the carnage in astonishment.
JAIME:  Archers!  Archers with me!
A group of archers break from the main battle and follow JAIME and BRONN.  JAIME lines the men up to counter DAENERYS and DROGON.
JAIME:  Knock!
ARCHERS:  Knock!  Draw!
DROGON loops around and is making a pass on JAIME and the archers.  DAENERYS and DROGON are diving at the group of men.
JAIME:  Loose!
The archers fire their arrows in unison.  DAENERYS sees the projectiles and turns Drogon so the arrows bounce harmlessly off his breast.  She makes a run on another line of carriages and DROGON burns them in a single breath.  Men are screaming and catching on fire.  JAIME and BRONN survey the damage.
JAIME:  Qyburn's scorpion is over there.
BRONN:  Go get it then.
JAIME:  I can't shoot with one hand.
JAIME holds up his gold hand to illustrate his point.
BRONN hesitates for a moment.  He turns his horse and rides to man the artillery crossbow.  JAIME draws his sword and rides into battle.
JAIME:  Come on!
A Dothraki screamer wielding two swords charges JAIME.  JAIME is blocking the attacks but is getting overpowered.  DICKON stabs the screamer through his back.  JAIME nods at DICKON.  BRONN is making his way to the crossbow.  A Dothraki screamer sees him and charges.  BRONN reaches behind him and retrieves a small sword.  He throws the sword at the Dothraki but the screamer parries it.  BRONN draws his primary sword and the two men charge at each other.  As BRONN is about to strike, the screamer leans over and cuts BRONN's horse's leg off causing BRONN to fall to the ground.  BRONN's bag of gold hits the ground and splits open.  The screamer is turning his horse around and is about to attack BRONN again.  BRONN abandons the gold and runs into the mayhem trying to lose the mounted rider.  BRONN pushes a flaming Lannister soldier out of the way.  He pulls a sword out of a dead man and uses it to start fighting Dothraki.  DROGON flies overhead and spews flames through the air.  BRONN manages to escape the mounted rider and disappear into the fog.  The screamer dismounts and continues the search on foot.  The screamer climbs onto a covered wagon to check for BRONN.  When he pulls the canvas back he see's BRONN behind the crossbow with a bolt pointed at him.  BRONN fires the bolt and impales the Dothraki screamer.  BRONN pulls a lever and the sides of the wagon drop down revealing the crossbow.  BRONN reloads the weapon and begins making adjustments to line up a shot on DROGON.
BRONN:  Where are you?
TYRION walks to the edge of the battlefield accompanied by Dothraki guards.  He can see Lannisters being slaughtered.  One of the Dothraki guards begin to speak.
GUARD:  Your people can't fight.
TYRION is watching the mayhem.  Men are screaming and engulfed in flames.  Horses and carriages run wild with no driver.  JAIME is still on the battlefield struggling against the horde.  Burning Lannister men are taking off their helmets revealing melted faces.  Men crawl to the river in search of relief from the dragonfire.  DROGON and DAENERYS are flying over the river creating wake in the water.  JAIME sees her approaching his position.
JAIME:  Take cover!
DROGON spits flames into the Lannister position.  The men standing there are reduced to standing ash.  The wind blows them away.  BRONN is lining up DROGON in the sights of the crossbow.  He reaches down and pulls the lever to fire.  A bolt sails past DROGON and misses.  BRONN reloads the machine.  DROGON and DAENERYS circle around and dive on the crossbow.  BRONN takes his time aiming his shot.
BRONN:  Come on you fucker.
DAENERYS commands DROGON to fire at the crossbow.
DAENERYS:  Dracarys!
Before DROGON can send flames, BRONN fires a bolt that strikes DROGON in the wing.  DROGON begins to pinwheel out of control towards the ground.  BRONN is smiling.  He whips the machine around and begins reloading.  DAENERYS and DROGON are falling from the sky.  DROGON regains control and begins hovering over the river.  BRONN realizes he doesn't have time to reload and dives out of the way of the incoming dragonfire.  DROGON spits flames at the machine and instantly destroys it.  Flames lick over BRONN but he is uninjured.  DROGON is forced to land on the edge of the river due to his wound.  DAENERYS climbs from her mount and rushes to pull the spear from DROGON's wing.  JAIME is 100 yards from DAENERYS watching her.  She is all alone.  JAIME sees a spear sticking out of a dead man.  TYRION spots JAIME across the battlefield.
TYRION:  Flee, you idiot!
JAIME looks at DAENERYS and readies himself.  He spurs his horse onward.
JAIME:  Come on, boy.  Come on!
JAIME grabs the spear as he rides by and brings it up to position.  JAIME's horse is galloping full speed on the edge of the river kicking up water.  TYRION is watching JAIME's attempt to kill DAENERYS.
TYRION:  You fucking idiot.
JAIME is getting close.  DAENERYS turns at the last moment to see JAIME bearing down on her spear in hand.  DROGON notices JAIME, turns his head and spews flames.  BRONN appears from nowhere and manages to dive off of his horse and knock JAIME and himself in the water before they're both consumed by fire.  Their horses are instantly burned to death.  JAIME is being dragged down by a full set of armor into the dark water.  JAIME sinks into blackness and out of sight.
END CREDITS
JAIME:  You could have killed me.
BRONN:  What the fuck were you doing back there?
JAIME:  Ending the war by killing her.
BRONN:  You saw the dragon between you and her?
BRONN looks incredulously at JAIME.
BRONN:  And?
JAIME sits up and says nothing to BRONN.  BRONN sits up and faces JAIME.
BRONN:  Listen to me, cunt.  Till I get what I'm owed, a dragon doesn't get to kill you.  You don't get to kill you.  Only I get to kill you.
JAIME:  That was only one of them.  She has two more.  If she decides to use them, to really use them --
BRONN:  You're fucked.
JAIME:  Don't you mean we're fucked?
BRONN:  No, I do not.  Dragons are where our partnership ends.  I'm not going to be around when those things start spitting fire on King's Landing.
JAIME:  I have to tell Cersei.
BRONN pauses and looks at JAIME.
BRONN:  Best well jump back in that river.
BRONN stands up and walks away.  JAIME continues sitting on the shore looking at the smoke and fire from the distant battle.
TYRION is walking over an ash covered ground.  There are burned bodies and cargo strewn about.  Dothraki are looting dead Lannister soldies.  A group of mounted Dothraki are escorting captured Lannister soldiers to where DAENERYS and DROGON are awaiting the prisoners.  DAENERYS addresses the captured soldiers.
DAENERYS:  I know what Cersei has told you, that I've come to destroy your cities --
The camera pans around the prisoners.  The men are covered in filth and blood from the battle.
A few Lannister men kneel to the ground, while most remain standing.  DROGON roars and moves closer to the men.  Almost all the Lannister men quickly kneel while a few still remain standing including RANDYLL and DICKON TARLEY.  DAENERYS speaks to RANDYLL.
DAENERYS:  Step forward, My Lord.
RANDYLL takes several steps towards DAENERYS and stands in front of the kneeling Lannister men.
DAENERYS:  You will not kneel?
RANDYLL:  I already have a queen.
TYRION:  My sister, she wasn't your queen until recently though, was she, until she murdered your rightful queen and destroyed House Tyrell for all time.  So it appears your allegiances are somewhat flexible.
RANDYLL:  There are no easy choices in war.  Say what you will about your sister, she was born in Westeros, has lived here all her life.  You on the other hand, you murdered your own father and chose to support a foreign invader.  One with no ties to this land, an army of savages at her back.
DAENERYS:  You will not trade your honor for your life.  I respect that.
TYRION turns to speak to DAENERYS.
TYRION:  Perhaps he could take the black, Your Grace.  Whatever else he is, he is a true soldier.  He would be invaluable at the Wall.
RANDYLL:  You cannot send me to the Wall.  You are not my queen.
DAENERYS turns to look at her Dothraki escort.  The Dothraki walk forward to collect RANDYLL.  As the men are pulling RANDYLL away DICKON steps forward.
DICKON:  You will have to kill me too.
RANDYLL pulls away from the Dothraki and turns to face his son.
RANDYLL:  Step back and shut your mouth.
DAENERYS(to DICKON):  Who are you?
RANDYLL:  A stupid boy.
DICKON:  I'm Dickon Tarley, son of Randyll Tarley.
TYRION:  You are the future of your house.  This war has already wiped one great house from the world.  Don't let it happen again.  Bend the knee.
DICKON looks to RANDYLL.  RANDYLL nods to his son.
DICKON:  I will not.
TYRION turns to speak to DAENERYS.  He speaks softly so no one but the queen can hear.
TYRION:  Your Grace, nothing strips bold notions from a man's head like a few weeks in a dark cell.
DAENERYS:  I meant what I said.  I'm not here to put men in chains.  If that becomes an option many will take it.  I gave them a choice.  They made it.
TYRION:  Your Grace, if you begin beheading entire families --
DAENERYS:  I'm not beheading anyone.
TYRION pauses and looks over the DROGON.  DRGON roars and shakes his head and flexes his wings.
TYRION:  Your Grace --
DAENERYS looks to her Dothraki escort and gives a signal.  The men grab RANDYLL and DICKON and walk them over to DROGON.  RANDYLL takes DICKON by the arm.
DAENERYS:  Lord Randyll Tarley, Dickon Tarley, I, Daenerys of House Targaryen, First of my name, Breaker of Chains and Mother of Dragons, sentence you to die.
DAENERYS pauses a moment and looks at RANDYLL and DICKON.
DAENERYS:  Dracarys.
DROGON draws a deep breath and begins spewing dragonfire at the two men.  They are instantly engulfed in flames.  They both collapse into ash after a few seconds.  There are two craters left where RANDYLL and DICKON stood.  The Lannister men recoil in horror.  Any Lannister soldier that was still standing kneels to the ground.  DAENERYS silently turns and begins to walk off the battlefield.
JAIME is quickly walking down the hall leading to CERSEI's room.  As he approaches, QYBURN exits the queen's chambers.
QYBURN:  My Lord.
JAIME passes by QYBURN without saying a word and barges into CERSEI's quarters.  CERSEI stand and walks over to JAIME.
CERSEI:  How many men did we lose?
JAIME:  We haven't done a full counting.
CERSEI:  It's armies that win wars.  We have the Tyrell gold, we have the Iron Bank behind us.  We can buy mercenaries.
JAIME shakes his head.
CERSEI:  They're not the same as our men but they'll fight if they're well paid, which they will be.
JAIME:  I just saw the Dothraki fight.  They'll beat any mercenary army.  They'll beat any army I've ever seen.  Killing our men wasn't war for them, it was sport.  Her dragon burned a thousand wagons.  Qyburn's scorpion fired bolts bigger than you.  They couldn't stop it.  And she has three of them.  This isn't a war we can win.
CERSEI:  So what do we do?  Sue for peace?  I sit on her father's throne, the father you betrayed and murdered.  And in her mind she's winning.  What sort of offer do you think she'd make?
CERSEI turns and walks away from JAIME.
CERSEI:  Maybe we can count on Tyrion to intercede on our behalf by way of apology for murdering our father and our son.
JAIME:  He didn't.
CERSEI:  You saw the crossbow, you saw his body.
JAIME walks across the room to where CERSEI is standing.
JAIME:  I'm not talking about father.  Tyrion didn't kill Joffrey.  He had nothing to do with it.
CERSEI:  After all this time it still amazes me --
JAIME:  It was Olenna.  She confessed before she died.
CERSEI:  And this was before or after she drank the poison you so kindly provided her?
JAIME:  After.
CERSEI:  And you believed her?
JAIME:  If you were Olenna would you rather have seen your granddaughter married to Joffrey or Tommen?  Which one would Margerey been better able to control?  Which one would have made Olenna the true ruler of the Seven Kingdoms?  She was telling the truth.
CERSEI looks away, then sits down.
CERSEI:  I shouldn't have listened to you.  She should have died screaming.
JAIME:  She's dead like her son, her grandchildren, her whole house.  And if we don't find a way out of this war we'll follow them.
CERSEI:  So we fight and die or we submit and die.  I know my choice.  A soldier should know his.
JON SNOW is standing on the edge of a cliff looking towards the ocean.   DROGON roars and flies over him with DAENERYS on his back.  DROGON lands next to JON and charges towards him.  DROGON opens his jaws and roars in JON's face.  DROGON creeps closer until he is inches  from JON.  JON removes his glove and slowly extends his hand toward DROGON.  DROGON lowers his head and allows JON to touch him.  DAENERYS  looks surprised and steps down from her mount.  DROGON turns and flies away.
DAENERYS:  They're beautiful, aren't they?
JON:  That wasn't the word I was thinking of, but, yes, they are.  Gorgeous beasts.
DAENERYS:  They're not beasts to me.  No matter how big they get, how terrifying to everyone else, they're my children.
DAENERYS turns to look at her three dragons as they fly over Dragonstone in the distance.
JON:  You weren't gone long.
DAENERYS turns back to JON.
DAENERYS:  No.
JON:  And?
DAENERYS:  And I have fewer enemies today than I did yesterday.
JON pauses and doesn't say anything.
DAENERYS:  You're not sure how you feel about that?
JON:  No, I'm not.
DAENERYS turns and starts walking towards the castle, JON follows.
DAENERYS:  How many men did your army kill taking Winterfell back from the Boltons?
JON:  Thousands.
DAENERYS:  We both want to help people.  We can only help them from a position of strength.  Sometimes strength is terrible.  When you first came here Ser Davos said you took a knife in the heart for your people.
JON:  Ser Davos gets carried away.
DAENERYS:  So it was a figure of speech?
JON doesn't say anything.  A group of Dothraki guards approach DAENERYS and speak in their native tongue.
GUARD:  This man says he is your friend, Khaleesi.
The guard steps to the side and JORAH MORMONT stands behind him.  DAENERYS answers the guard in Dothraki.
DAENERYS:  He is my friend.
JORAH kneels before DAENERYS.
JORAH:  Your Grace.
JORAH stands.
DAENERYS:  Jon Snow, this is Ser Jorah Mormont, an old friend.
JON:  I served with your father.  He was a great man.
JORAH nods to JON.
DAENERYS:  You look strong.  You found a cure?
JORAH:  I wouldn't be here if I hadn't.  I return to your service, my queen, if you'll have me.
DAENERYS:  It would be my honor.
DAENERYS steps forward and hugs JORAH.
CUT TO:  EXT. WINTERFELL
A group of ravens are resting on a tree.  Several of the ravens' eyes wash white.  They take off and fly over Winterfell.  They cross frozen fields and over a snowy mountain.  They arrive at The Wall at Eastwatch-by-the-sea and continue over the Wall.  The ravens fly many miles over tundra and more mountains.  The birds crest a hill and thousands of dead men can be seen marching south.  A group of riders and the Night King are on top of an outcrop watching the dead file past.  As the ravens approach the Night King peers in their direction and the birds scatter and disperse.
BRAN's eyes are pure white.  They wash back to their normal color.  He is sitting in front of the Weirwood.  Maester Wolkan stands next to him.
BRAN:  Ravens.  We need to send ravens.
WOLKAN nods his head to BRAN.
ARCHMAESTER MARWYN and other citadel maesters are seated at a council table.  MARWYN has a raven scroll in his hand and the maesters are discussing the contents.  SAMWELL enters the room carrying a large stock of books and scrolls.  MARWYN points SAM to a nearby table to offload the books.
MAESTER 1:  I put very little stock in it myself.  Prophecies of doom are never in short supply, especially when winter comes.
MARWYN:  I remember Wolkan.   A bit timid but a sharp mind.
MAESTER 1:  The north has dulled many good maester's wits.  I'm not sure if it's the cold, the drink, or the company.
All the maesters chuckle.
MAESTER 1:  A crippled boy claims to have seen dead men on the march beyond the wall thanks to the magical help of a raven with three eyes.
SAM stops working and turns around.
MARWYN:  It is a bit much.  Still we ought to --
SAMWELL:  Brandon Stark --
The maesters all turn in their seats to look at SAMWELL.
MARWYN:  Do you know him?
SAMWELL:  I let him through the Wall years ago.  I saw him go beyond the wall.
MARWYN:  And?
SAMWELL:  Somehow a crippled boy survived for years beyond the wall when no one else could.  Not the Night's Watch, not the Wildlings, no one.  Perhaps we ought to listen to what he has to say.
MAESTER 1:  Perhaps you need more scribing work to discipline your mind.
MARWYN:  I sense a more detailed proposal is forthcoming.
SAMWELL steps forward and clears his throat.
SAMWELL:  Everyone in Westeros trusts and respects you.  If you tell people the threat is real they'll believe it.  If you advise all the lords to send their men north to hold the wall they'll do it.  And if you tell every maester in the Citadel to search every word of every faded scroll about the long night, they may find something that lets us defeat the Army of the Dead for good.
MARWYN:  It could be done.  And this news could be authentic.  It's possible.  It's also possible this message is part of a ploy by the dragon queen to lure southern armies away from the lands they are currently defending to open those lands to easy conquest.
MAESTER 1:  That does seem far more likely than magic birds talking to cripples.
SAMWELL:  Archmaester, please.  It's real.  I've seen it.
MARWYN:  We will write to Maester Wolkan at Winterfell for clarification.  I promise you we will get to the truth of it one way or another.
SAMWELL:  Archmaester --
MARWYN:  That will be all, Tarley.
SAM turns to collect his work and leave.  The maesters begin talking to one another.
MAESTER 2:  It brings to mind the work of Davy Moonstone, the charlatan who claimed to see the children of the forest.
The maesters all chuckle.
MAESTER 1:  Don't forget the Prophet Lodock that promised the Drowned God would rise up and destroy Aegon the Conquerer.
The maesters continue laughing.  SAMWELL gets the last of his work and walks out of the door in disgust.  MAESTER 1 turns to look at MARWYN.
MAESTER 1:  Is he the one whose father and brother were just burned alive?
MARWYN:  I'm afraid so.
MAESTER 2:  Horrible business.
MARWYN:  I don't have the heart to tell him yet.  He's a good lad.
MARWYN crumples the raven scroll and throws it dismissevely on the table.
MARWYN:  Right.  The ravenry was falling apart last time I checked...
VARYS and TYRION are sitting on the stairs of the Throne Room alone.  VARYS has a sealed raven scroll in his hand tapping it on the stone.  TYRION is drinking a glass of wine having a discussion with VARYS.
TYRION:  All rulers demand that people bend the knee.  It's why they're rulers.  She gave Tarley a choice.  A man who had taken up arms against her.  What else could she do?
VARYS:  Not burn him alive alongside his son.
TYRION:  I am her hand, not her head.  I can't make her decisions for her.
VARYS:  That's what I used to tell myself about her father.  I found the traitors but I wasn't the one burning them alive.  I was only a purveyor of information.
VARYS reaches over to TYRION's cup of wine, picks it up and begins to drink from it.  He grimaces as he drinks.
VARYS:  It's what I told myself when I watched them beg for mercy, "I'm not the one doing it."  As the pitch of their screams rose higher, "I'm not the one doing it."  When their hair caught fire and the smell of the burning flesh filled the Thone Room, "I'm not the one doing it."
VARYS drinks again and sets the cup down next to TYRION.  TYRION picks it up.
TYRION:  Daenerys is not her father.
VARYS:  And she never will be... with the right counsel.  You need to find a way to make her listen.
TYRION looks down at the note in VARYS's hand.
TYRION:  Who is that for?
VARYS:  Jon Snow.
TYRION:  Did you read it?
VARYS:  It's a sealed scroll for the King in the North.
TYRION pauses and drinks from his cup of wine.
TYRION:  What's it say?
VARYS:  Nothing good.
DAENERYS and VARYS are seated at the painted table.  TYRION and JORAH stand near the queen.  DAVOS and JON SNOW are standing on the other end of the table.  JON is holding a raven scroll and reading it.
JON:  I thought Arya was dead.  I thought Bran was dead.
DAENERYS:  I'm happy for you.  You don't look happy.
JON:  Bran saw the Night King and his army marching towards Eastwatch.  If they make it past the wall --
VARYS:  The Wall has kept them out for thousands of years.  Presumably --
JON interrupts VARYS.
JON:  I need to go home.
DAENERYS:  You said you don't have enough men.
JON:  We'll fight with the men we have.  Unless you'll join us.
DAENERYS:  And give the country to Cersei?  As soon as I march away she marches in.
TYRION:  Perhaps not.  Cersei thinks the Army of the Dead is nothing but a story made up by wet nurses to frighten children.  What if we prove her wrong?
JON:  I don't think she'll come see the dead at my invitation.
TYRION begins walking around the table closer to JON.
TYRION:  So bring the dead to her.
DAENERYS:  I thought that was what we are trying to avoid.
TYRION:  We don't have to bring the whole army.  Only one soldier.
DAVOS(to JON):  Is that possible?
JON:  The first White I ever saw was brought into Castle Black from beyond the Wall.
TYRION:  Bring one of these things down to King's Landing and show her the truth.
VARYS:  Anything you bring back will be useless unless Cersei grants us an audience and is somehow convinced not to murder us the moment we set foot in the capital.
TYRION:  The only person she listens to is Jaime.  He may listen to me.
DAENERYS:  And how would you get into King's Landing.
Everyone in the room stops and looks at DAVOS.
DAVOS:  I can smuggle you in, but if the Goldcloaks were to recognize you, I'm warning you, I'm not a fighter.
TYRION nods his head.
DAENERYS:  Well, it will all be for nothing if we don't have one of these dead men.
VARYS:  Fair point.  How do you propose to find one?
JON pauses and stares at the ground.  JORAH breaks the silence.
JORAH:  With the queen's permission I'll go north and take one.
DAENERYS turns to look at JORAH.
JORAH:  You asked me to find a cure so I could serve you.  Allow me to serve you.
JON:  The free folk will help us.  They know the real north better than anyone.
DAVOS:  They won't follow Ser Jorah.
JON:  They won't have to.
DAVOS:  You can't lead a raid beyond the wall.  You're not in the Night's Watch anymore.  You're King in the North.
JON:  I'm the only one here whose fought them.  I'm the only one here who knows them.
DAENERYS:  I haven't given you permission to leave.
JON:  With respect, Your Grace, I don't need your permission.  I am a king.  And I came here knowing that you could have your men behead me or your dragons burn me alive.  I put my trust in you, a stranger, because I knew it was the best chance for my people, for all our people.  Now I'm asking you to trust in a stranger because it's our best chance.
DAENERYS pauses for a moment then nods her head in agreement.
Northen lords including ROBETT GLOVER, YOHN ROYCE and LYANNA MORMONT are congregated in the Great Hall.  ARYA walks into the room and hears a loud discussion.  The lords are adressing SANSA who is seated at the head table.
ROBETT:  The King in the North should stay in the north.  We did not choose you to rule us, My Lady, but perhaps we should have.
The men agree in unison.  YOHN ROYCE stands up and walks in front of SANSA.
YOHN:  The Knights of the Vale came here for you, Lady Stark.
SANSA:  You're very kind, my lords, but Jon is our king.  He is doing what he thinks is best.
The men sit down and everyone in the hall begins talking to one another.
SANSA and ARYA are walking through the hall to SANSA's quarters having a discussion.
SANSA:  I warned Jon this would happen.  He can't leave the north and expect it to just sit and wait for him like Ghost.
ARYA:  He didn't.  He trusted you to hold it for him.
SANSA:  Well, he's not making it easy.  The northern lords are proud.
The girls arrive at SANSA's quarters.  ARYA is glancing around the room.
ARYA:  These are mother and father's chambers.
SANSA:  And?
ARYA:  Nothing.
SANSA:  Don't do that.
SANSA turns around to face ARYA.
ARYA:  What?
SANSA:  Say what you mean.
ARYA:  You always liked nice things.  It made you feel better than everyone.
SANSA drops the papers in her hand on a table and looks at ARYA.
SANSA:  Are you angry with me?
ARYA:  They were insulting Jon and you sat there and listened.
SANSA:  I listened to their complaints, which is my responsibility as Lady of Winterfell.
ARYA:  Their opinions are important to you?
SANSA:  Glover has 500 men.  Royce has 2,000.  Offend them and Jon loses his army.
ARYA:  Not if they lose their heads first.
SANSA:  Winterfell didn't just fall into our hands.  We took it back, and the Mormonts and the Hornwoods and the Wildlings and the Vale, all of us working together.  Now, I'm sure cutting off heads is very satisfying, but that's not the way you get people to work together.
ARYA:  And if Jon doesn't come back, you'll need their support, so you can work together to give you what you really want.
SANSA:  How can you even think such a horrible thing?
ARYA:  You're thinking it right now.  You don't want to be, but the thought just won't go away.
SANSA and ARYA stare at each in silence for a moment.
SANSA:  I have work to do.
SANSA turns and walks away from ARYA.
ARYA:  My lady.
ARYA exits the room.
DAVOS and TYRION are standing on the beach of King's Landing.  DAVOS is securing a small row boat.  TYRION is looking up towards the city walls.
TYRION:  Last time I was here I killed my father with a crossbow.
DAVOS:  Last time I was here you killed my son with wildfire.
TYRION turns to look at DAVOS.  DAVOS walks next to TYRION and stakes the boat anchor into the sand.
DAVOS:  There's a path to the left that hugs the cliff.  The guards hardly ever patrol it.  Too many steps.
TYRION begins walking towards the path.  DAVOS follows him and quickly takes the lead.  TYRION stops and looks back towards the unattended boat.
TYRION:  You're not staying here?
DAVOS:  I've got my own business in Flea Bottom.
TYRION:  What if someone takes the boat?
DAVOS:  Then we're fucked.  Best hurry.
BRONN and JAIME are walking by the dragon skulls.  Both men have sparring swords in their hand.
JAIME:  We don't have time for this.  We should be preparing the city for a siege.  The Dothraki are coming.
BRONN:  All the more reason for you to train.  Unless you plan on fighting Dothraki 12 year olds.
JAIME:  I seem to recall them giving you a bit of trouble as well.
BRONN:  And here I am ready to train.
JAIME:  Why down here?
BRONN:  I don't think you want people to see how you look swinging that thing yet.
JAIME:  Today might be the day I kill you by accident.
BRONN:  Oh, you won't be swinging it at me.
BRONN stops walking and holds his torch out.  TYRION steps from around a pillar and looks at JAIME.  JAIME looks angrily at BRONN.
BRONN:  I'll leave you to it.
BRONN turns and walks away leaving JAIME and TYRION alone.
TYRION:  I needed to see you and I knew you'd never agree to meet.
JAIME remains silent and stares at TYRION.
TYRION:  You made me look like a complete fool.  I thought I'd surprise you by hitting Casterly Rock, but you were three steps ahead of me.  You abandoned the family home.  Completely unsentimental.  Father would have been proud.
JAIME:  Don't talk about our father.
TYRION:  Listen to me --
JAIME:  I once told Bronn that if I ever saw you again I'd cut you in half.
TYRION glances down at the sword in JAIME's hand.
TYRION:  It would take you awhile with a sparring sword.
JAIME shakes his head and says nothing.
TYRION:  He was going to execute me.  He knew I was innocent.  He didn't hate me because of anything I did, he hated me because of what I am.  The little monster sent to punish him.  Do you think I wanted to be born this way?  Did he think I chose --
JAIME:  What do you want?
TYRION:  Daenerys will win this war.  You're a military man.  You must know there is no way around it.  Daenerys is not her father.  She's even willing to suspend hostilities if Cersei agrees to certain terms.
JAIME:  You want Cersei to bend the knee you can ask her yourself.
Men are in the market selling their wares.  A blacksmith sharpens a sword on a grinding wheel.  DAVOS is walking through the market glancing around.  A man in a blacksmith shop pulls a sword from the fire and begins to hammer it on his anvil.  DAVOS walks into the shop.
DAVOS:  I wasn't sure I'd find you.
The blacksmith puts the sword down and turns around, revealing GENDRY, the bastard son of Robert Baratheon.
DAVOS:  I thought you might still be rowing.
GENDRY chuckles and DAVOS smiles.
DAVOS:  I looked in shops, taverns, brothels.  I should have known to come straight to the Street of Steel.
GENDRY:  Weren't you worried about the Goldcloaks?
DAVOS:  I haven't been here in years.  Why should they recognize me?  Sometimes I hardly do.  Nothing fucks you harder than time.
DAVOS walks to the side of the shop and inspects a rack of swords.  He pulls one, nods in approval and puts it back in its place.  He turns back to GENDRY.
DAVOS:  Anybody give you any trouble?
GENDRY:  Here I am arming Lannisters.  I never get a second look.  You were right.  Safest place for me was right under the queen's nose.
DAVOS:  Don't be so sure.  Safety is never a permanent state of affairs.  Bad things are coming.
GENDRY nods.
GENDRY:  You came to get me.  You want me to come with you.
DAVOS:  I think you need to understand --
GENDRY:  I'm ready.  Let's go.
DAVOS:  You should know what you're heading into.
GENDRY:  Don't you think I've been thinking about it every swing of the hammer... how happy I am making weapons for the family that killed my father?  They tried to kill me.
GENDRY is tossing his tools and apron to the side.  He picks up a satchel and swings it over his head.
GENDRY:  I've been getting ready.  I never knew what for, but I've always known I'd know it when it comes.
DAVOS:  You might want to bring one of those swords.
GENDRY smiles at DAVOS and begins walking towards the weapons.
GENDRY:  I don't know much about swinging swords, but this --
GENDRY removes a giant war hammer from the wall.
GENDRY and DAVOS turn and walk out of the shop.
DAVOS and GENDRY are walking towards the boat DAVOS left on the beach.
DAVOS:  Keep your father's name to yourself.  The situation is complicated enough already.
GENDRY and DAVOS arrive at the boat.  GENDRY lays his hammer on top of the boat cargo.  DAVOS is gathering the anchor and rope.  Two Goldcloaks begin walking down the beach towards the boat unnoticed by DAVOS and GENDRY.
GENDRY:  Who should I say I am?
DAVOS turns and notices the two guards approaching the boat.  He turns and loudly addresses GENDRY.
DAVOS:  I told you, Clovis, if we don't get out of here soon someone is going to --
GUARD 1:  You there.
Both guards have their hands on their weapons ready to draw.  DAVOS starts walking towards the guards and spreads his cloak open.  GENDRY remains by the boat.
DAVOS:  No weapons, friends.  I promise.  What can I do for you?
GUARD 1:  Is that your boat?
DAVOS:  It is.
GENDRY looks down into the boat and sees his weapon in plain view.
GUARD 2:  The docks are that way.
GENDRY:  That they are.  I try to stay away from them to avoid good men such as yourselves.
The two guards look at each other and chuckle.  DAVOS retrieves a coin purse and opens it.
DAVOS:  Still five gold dragons?
GUARD 1:  Are you joking?
GUARD 2:  You must be even older than you look.  15.
DAVOS:  15?
GUARD 1:  Apiece.
DAVOS angrily reaches into his pouch and pays the men.
DAVOS:  I can't say it was a pleasure doing business with you.
DAVOS turns and begins walking back to his boat.
GUARD 1:  What's in the boat?
DAVOS pauses and turns back to the guards.
DAVOS:  Not more gold.
GUARD 2:  Wine?
GUARD 1:  Mmm.
GUARD 2:  I like wine.
GUARD 1:  Or hams.
DAVOS:  Come and have a look.
The guards walk over to the boat.  As they approach, DAVOS walks to the boat and pulls a cover to reveal the cargo.  As he pulls back the canvas, he throws it over GENDRY's exposed weapon covering it from view.  There are several baskets of fermented meat.  The guards twist their faces in disgust.
DAVOS:  Fermented crab.
GUARD 2:  What?
DAVOS:  Fermented crab.  One bucket of this triples the brothel's earnings for the week.  A man thinks he's done, he's ready to go back to his loving family, but before he gets his britches up his lady of the hour pops a tiny spoon of that into his mouth.  Five minutes later, he's back in the race.  Here, have a taste.
DAVOS scoops up a bit of fermented crab and offers it to the guards.  Both men reach out and take a pinch.  The guards sniff the crab and put it in their mouth.  They both recoil from the taste and look at each other.
DAVOS:  I'd hurry to your favorite establishment or you'll put a whole in that chainmail.
The guards and DAVOS laugh.  The guards turn and start walking back towards the city.  GENDRY nods at them as they go.  TYRION appears at the top of the stairs leading to the beach.  The Goldcloaks see him as he's walking down the path.  TYRION walks by the guards and they exchange glances.  The guards stop and turn back toward the boat.
GUARD 2:  Oi, Dwarf!
DAVOS quickly walks to cut the guards off.
DAVOS:  I really wouldn't try anymore until you see how the first bite hits you.
GUARD 2:  That dwarf --
The guards blow past DAVOS and begin talking to TYRION.
GUARD 1:  Where did you get that scar?
TYRION:  Fish hook.  Some men you just can't teach.
GUARD 2:  We was looking for a dwarf with a scar like that awhile back.
DAVOS is still standing behind the guards.  He retrieves his gold pouch again and holds it up shaking it.
DAVOS:  Perhaps there's some arrangement?
The two guards turn back to DAVOS.
GUARD 2:  Arrangement?  You gonna arrange to pay us more than Queen Cersei?
GENDRY can be seen behind the backs of the guards.  He slowly retrieves his hammer and creeps up behind GUARD 2.  He swings his hammer and connects with the side of the guard's head.  The man drops.  As GENDRY transitions onto the second guard and swings his hammer, GUARD 1 turns to look and catches a hammer blow to the face.
DAVOS is looking at TYRION and motions towards GENDRY.
DAVOS:  This is Gendry.
TYRION:  He'll do.
The men grab onto the boat and begin to push it into the water.
JAIME opens the door and step into the queen's room.  CERSEI is seated near a window speaking to QYBURN.
CERSEI:  That won't be necessary.
QYBURN bows his head and walks to leave the room.  As he passes by JAIME he addresses him.
QYBURN:  Ser Jaime.
QYBURN closes the door as he leaves.  JAIME and CERSEI are alone.  CERSEI begins walking over to a chair in front of JAIME and sits.
JAIME:  Why was QYBURN here?
CERSEI:  He's Hand of the Queen.  Why are you here?
JAIME:  I met with Tyrion.
CERSEI pauses for a moment making JAIME uncomfortable.
CERSEI:  What did our brother have to say?
JAIME:  Daenerys wants to meet.
CERSEI:  To discuss a surrender?
JAIME:  To discuss an armistice.
CERSEI:  She just won a great victory.  Why would she want a truce now?
JAIME:  Because an army of dead men is marching on the Seven Kingdoms.  Tyrion claims he'll have proof.
CERSEI smirks and looks away from JAIME.
CERSEI:  Are you going to punish him?
JAIME:  Tyrion?
CERSEI:  Bronn.
JAIME looks confused.
CERSEI:  He betrayed you.  He set up a meeting without your knowledge or consent.  Do you think anything of importance happens in this city without me knowing?
JAIME shakes his head.
JAIME:  You let it happen.  Why?
CERSEI:  I've come to believe that accomodation with the Dragon Queen could be in our immediate interest.  She has the numbers.  If we want to beat her we have to be clever.  We have to fight her like father would have.  Dead men, dragons and Dragon Queens, whatever stands in our way we will defeat it ourselves for our house.  For this.
CERSEI lifts her hands from the chair and places them both on her stomach indicating she's pregnant.  JAIME looks shocked.
JAIME:  Who will you say is the father?
CERSEI:  You.
JAIME:  People won't like that.
CERSEI stands from her chair and walks in front of JAIME.
CERSEI:  Do you remember what father used to say about people?
JAIME:  The lion doesn't concern himself with the opinions of the sheep.
JAIME reaches forward and takes CERSEI and kisses her.  While they embrace CERSEI speaks to JAIME.
CERSEI:  Never betray me again.
GENDRY and DAVOS are walking down the beach near the Dragonglass cave.  Groups of men are carrying boxes filled with Dragonglass out of the cave.  DAVOS and GENDRY are having a discussion.
DAVOS:  We're leaving today.  The king's got a lot on his mind.
GENDRY:  I understand.
DAVOS:  He doesn't need to be thinking about harboring the bastard of a dead king.
GENDRY:  You don't have to worry.
DAVOS:  You're just Clovis, a smith who's come to pay his respects before he heads off to work at the Winterfell forges.
GENDRY:  Understood.
DAVOS and GENDRY enter the mouth of the cave.  JON is walking along the corridor.
DAVOS:  Begging your pardon, Your Grace.
JON stops and turns around to face DAVOS.
JON:  You survived King's Landing.
DAVOS:  Yet again.
JON:  Your Grace, this is --
GENDRY steps forward in front of DAVOS.
GENDRY:  It's Gendry, Your Grace.  I'm Robert Baratheon's son.  Bastard son.
JON looks to DAVOS.
DAVOS:  He was meant to keep that to himself.
GENDRY:  Our fathers trusted each other.  Why shouldn't we?
JON:  I saw your father once at Winterfell.
GENDRY:  I met yours in my shop.
JON:  You're a lot leaner.
GENDRY:  You're a lot shorter.
JON stops smiling and pauses a moment.  Then he chuckles.
JON:  I grew up on stories about them.
GENDRY:  All I ever knew was they fought together and won.  Ser Davos told me where you're going, Your Grace, and why.  Let me come with you.
DAVOS:  Don't be a fool.  You're not a soldier.
GENDRY:  No, but I'm a fighter.  And he won't be needing a smith with a sword like that.
JON:  Do you know how to use one?
GENDRY shakes his head.
JON:  Well, that's a problem.
GENDRY:  I prefer a hammer.
GENDRY looks to DAVOS.
DAVOS:  He can handle himself.
JON nods.
JON:  We could use the help.
DAVOS:  As my father used to say, it's better to be a coward for a minute than dead for the rest of your life.
GENDRY(to DAVOS):  I owe you my life.  Twice over.  But if what you said is true about what's out there, I can't wait out this war.
DAVOS:  Yeah.  Nobody mind me.  All I've ever done is live to a ripe old age.
Two landing boats are sitting on the beach surrounded by two groups of men.  A large sailboat is anchored in the bay.  JORAH places his sword and a case of Dragonglass into the boat.  TYRION walks down the beach and stands next to JORAH.
TYRION:  You may not believe it, but I've missed you Mormont.  Nobody glowers quite like you.  Not even Grey Worm.
TYRION retrieves a gold coin from his pocket and turns it in his hands.
TYRION:  This is the coin the slaver gave me when I suggested he free us and pay us.  Remember?
JORAH:  It was supposed to last us the rest of our lives.
TYRION smiles and hands the coin to JORAH.
TYRION:  Take it with you.  You'll bring it back.  Our queen needs you.
JORAH nods to TYRION.  DAENERYS appears and walks up to JORAH.
DAENERYS:  We should be better at saying farewell by now.
JORAH:  Your Grace, I --
DAENERYS reaches forward and takes JORAH by his hands.  JON SNOW, DAVOS and GENDRY exit the cave and walk towards the boats.  JORAH bends and kisses DAENERY's hand.  He turns and continues readying the boat.  JON stands in front of DAENERYS.
JON:  If I don't return at least you won't have to deal with the King in the North anymore.
DAENERYS smiles.
DAENERYS:  But I've grown used to him.
JON:  I wish you good fortune in the wars to come, Your Grace.
DAENERYS nods to JON.  JON turns and walks to the head of the boat.  The men take hold of it.
JON:  Heave!
The men push the boat into the sea.  DAENERYS and TYRION remain on the beach watching them go.
SAM is seated at a table surround by papers and candles.  He is writing notes into a book.  Gilly is seated across from him reading aloud from a tome.  SAM JR. is playing on the bed.
GILLY:  Do you know how many steps there are in the Citadel?
SAM:  No.
GILLY:  15,782.
SAM looks up from his work annoyed.  He remains silent and continues working.
GILLY:  Guess how many windows are in the Great Sept of Baelor.
SAMWELL looks away and pauses.
SAMWELL:  None anymore.
GILLY:  That's true.  This High Septon Meynard, he recorded everything.  He even recorded his own bowel movements.  What does "annulment" mean?
SAMWELL:  It's when a man sets asside his lawful wife.
GILLY:  Meynard says here that he issued an anullment for Prince Rhaegar and remarried him to someone else at the same time in a secret ceremony in Dorne.  Is that a common thing --
SAMWELL isn't paying much attention to GILLY.  He loudly interrupts her.
SAMWELL:  These maesters, they set me to the task of preserving that man's window counting and anullments and bowel movements for all eternity while the secret to defeating the Night King's probably sitting on some dusty shelf somewhere completely ignored.  But that's all right, isn't it.  We could all become slavering, murderous imbecils enthralled to evil incarnate as long as we can have access to the full records of High Septon Meynard's 15,782 shits.
GILLY:  Steps.  That number was steps.
SAMWELL is dismayed.  He sets his quill down and grabs the book he was writing in and hands it to SAM Jr.  He retrieves his cloak and walks out the door.
SAM is walking through a dark library.  He heads to the restricted section and unlocks the barred gate.  He begins removing books and scrolls from shelfs and stuff them in his satchel.  After retrieving what he needs, SAM quickly walks to the exit of the library.  He pauses before he leaves and turns around.  He glances back at the library.  It is many stories tall lined with countless  shelves of books.  SAMWELL looks at the library one last time, turns and walks out of the door.
CUT TO:  EXT. CITADEL
SAMWELL is loading a wagon with his things.  He walks around to the driver seat.  GILLY and SAM JR. are already in the wagon dressed for the road.  SAM climbs aboard and takes the reins in his hand.
GILLY:  Are you sure you want to do this?  You always wanted to be a maester.
SAMWELL:  I'm tired of reading about the achievements of better men.
The horse neighs and begins pulling the carriage away from the city.  The Citadel can be seen with a torch burning bright on top of the tallest tower.
ARYA is in the kennels observing PETER BAELISH and a Winterfell servant having a conversation.  The servent is whispering in BAELISH's ear.  ARYA can't hear the conversation.  ARYA sees BAELISH hand the servant a raven scroll.  The servant turns to leave.  BAELISH senses someone is watching him and he looks to where ARYA stood but she has already vanished.  BAELISH turns and leaves the kennels.
ARYA is on the upper level looking down at BAELISH.  He is having a conversation with ROBETT GLOVER and YOHN ROYCE.  She can't hear what's being said.  BAELISH finishes his conversation and walks away from the men.  ARYA disappears behind the corner and continues following BAELISH.
ARYA is walking down the hallway.  She pauses, peers around a corner and looks towards the door of BAELISH's quarters.  BAELISH appears and unlocks his door.  Before he walks in MAESTER WOLKAN approaches him.  She continues watching the men.
WOLKAN:  I found it, my Lord.
WOLKAN hands BAELISH a raven scroll.
WOLKAN:  It took some searching.  Maester Llewyn's archives are thorough.
BAELISH reads the note then looks at WOLKAN.
BAELISH:  Are you sure this is the only copy at Winterfell?
WOLKAN:  Yes, my Lord.
BAELISH:  Lady Stark thanks you for your service.
WOLKAN turns and walks away.  BAELISH enters his room and shuts the door.  ARYA continues watching.  A moment later BAELISH opens the door and exits the room, locking the door as he leaves.  After he is gone ARYA walks to the door and produces a lockpick from her sleeve.  She enters the room and begins searching for the raven scroll.  She opens a cabinet but finds nothing of value.  She checks another cabinet, then looks in the fireplace and above the mantle finding nothing.  She lifts up the mattress and finds a small hole cut into the bedding.  She reaches in and retrives the raven scroll.  She unrolls it and reads the contents.
"Robb, I write to you with a heavy heart. Our good king Robert is dead, killed from wounds he took in a boar hunt. Father has been charged with treason. He conspired with Robert's brothers against my beloved Joffrey and tried to steal his throne. The Lannisters are treating me very well and provide me with every comfort. I beg you: come to King's Landing, swear fealty to King Joffrey and prevent any strife between the great houses of Lannister and Stark. Your faithfull sister, Sansa."
Arya rerolls the note and exits the room.  She locks the door behind her and leaves the hallway.  After a moment BAELISH emerges from a dark corner, watching ARYA with a smirk on his face.
JON and the raiding party land on the Beach of Eastwatch.  JON looks up at the castle.  The men collect their equipment and make for the castle.
TORMUND, JON, DAVOS, GENDRY, and JORAH sit at a table having a conversation.
TORMUND:  Isn't it your job to talk him out of stupid fucking ideas like this?
DAVOS:  I've been failing at that job of late.
TORMUND:  How many queens are there now?
JON:  Two.
TORMUND:  And you need to convince the one with the dragons or the one who fucks her brother?
JON:  Both.
TORMUND:  How many men did you bring?
JON looks around the table.
JON:  Not enough.
TORMUND:  The big woman?
JON smiles and shakes his head.  TORMUND is disappointed.
JORAH:  We were hoping some of your men could help.
DAVOS:  I'll be staying behind.  I'm a liability out there as you well know.
TORMUND nods his head.
TORMUND:  You are.
TORMUND turns to look at JON.
TORMUND:  You really want to go out there again?
JON nods.
TORMUND:  You're not the only ones.
The raiding party walk down to the Eastwatch cells.  TORMUND is leading them.
TORMUND:  My scouts found them a mile south of the Wall.  Said they were on their way here.
The men look into the cells.  It is occupied by SANDOR CLEGANE, THOROS of MYR, and BERIC DONDARRION.
JON:  You're The Hound.  I saw you once at Winterfell.
SANDOR pulls a blanket tight around himself and sits up from the table he was laying on.
TORMUND:  They want to go beyond the Wall too.
BERIC:  We don't want to go beyond the Wall, we have to.  Our lord told us the great war is coming.
GENDRY:  Don't trust them.  Don't trust any of them.
The men turn to look at GENDRY.  GENDRY walks up and presses his face to the bars of the cell.
GENDRY:  They're the Brotherhood.  And the last thing their Lord told them to do was sell me to a Red Witch to be murdered.
JORAH:  Thoros?
THOROS sits up from a dark corner.
JORAH:  I hardly recognized you.
THOROS:  Ser Jorah Mormont --
TORMUND turns and angrily looks at JORAH.
THOROS:  They won't give me anything to drink down here.  I haven't been feeling like myself.
TORMUND:  You're a fucking Mormont?  Like the last Lord Commander?
JORAH:  He was my father.
TORMUND:  He hunted us like animals.
JORAH:  You returned the favor, as I recall.
BERIC:  Here we all are at the edge of the world at the same moment heading in the same direction for the same reason.
DAVOS:  Our reasons aren't your reasons.
BERIC:  It doesn't matter what we think our reasons are.
BERIC stands up and walks towards the bars of the cell.
BERIC:  There's a greater purpose at work and we serve it together whether we know it or not.  We may take the steps but the Lord of Light --
SANDOR:  For fuck's sake, will you shut your hole.  Are we coming with you or not?
JORAH:  Don't you want to know what we're doing?
THOROS:  Is it worse than sitting in a freezing cell waiting to die?
JON:  He's right.  We're all on the same side.
GENDRY:  How can we be?
JON:  We're all breathing.
TORMUND hands the cell keys to JON.  JON opens the door and let the men out.
The ranger gate opens and the raiding party consisting of TORMUND, JON, GENDRY, THOROS, SANDOR, JORAH and BERIC stand at the edge of the true north.  There is a blizzard raging and snow blows over the tundra.  JON looks back at the party and the men glance at each other.  THOROS drinks from a flask of wine.  JON looks back to the north and the men begin marching into the wild.  A group of Wildlings pull a sled loaded with equipment behind the raiding party.  The men disappear into the white of the blizzard.
END CREDITS
Script in progress
The camera floats over the painted table showing detailed carvings of rivers, holdfasts, and cities.  A fire burns in the hearth.
CUT TO:  BEYOND THE WALL
A raiding party consisting of JON SNOW, TORMUND, GENDRY BRATHEON, JORAH MORMONT, SANDOR CLEGANE, BERIC DONDARRIAN, THOROS of MYR and several Wildlings are ranging beyond the wall of Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.  The men trek through a frozen valley filled with jagged rocks.  The Wildlings are pulling a sled loaded with gear and provisions.  The camera shifts and the men are climbing a steep mountain covered in snow.
JON(to Gendry):  Are you all right?
GENDRY faces JON and grunts.
JON:  Ever been north before?
GENDRY:  Never seen snow before.
TORMUND:  Beautiful, eh?  I can breath again.  Down south the air smells like pig shit.
JON:  You've never been down south.
TORMUND:  I've been to Winterfell.
JON:  That's the north.
The group of men continue north.  A Wildling scout is ahead of the group surveying the area.
GENDRY(to TORMUND):  How do you live up here?  How do you keep your balls from freezing off?
TORMUND:  You have to keep moving.  That's the secret.  Walking is good, fighting is better, fucking is best.
JON:  There's not another woman within 100 miles of here.
TORMUND turns to look at JON and GENDRY.
TORMUND:  We have to make due with what we've got.
JON glances at GENDRY.  GENDRY backs away from JON and TORMUND.
TORMUND:  This one is maybe not so smart.
JON:  Davos says he is a strong fighter.
TORMUND:  Good.  That's more important than being smart.
TORMUND looks at JON as they continue to walk.
TORMUND:  Smart people don't come up here looking for the dead.  So, you met this Dragon Queen, huh?  And?
JON:  She'll only fight beside us if I bend the knee.
TORMUND:  You spent too much time with the free folk and now you don't like kneeling.  Mance Rayder was a great man, a proud man.  The king beyond the wall never bent the knee.  How many of his people died for his pride?
The camera pans out to a frozen vista.  The men are walking across broken slabs of ice and tundra.  There are mountains and a lake of ice in the distance.  The view shifts to GENDRY walking along with THOROS, BERIC and SANDOR.  THOROS is carrying his wine flask.
THOROS:  Are you still mad at us, boy?
GENDRY:  You sold me to a witch.
THOROS:  Priestess.  I'll admit, it is a subtle distinction.
BERIC:  We're fighting a great war.  Wars cost money.
GENDRY:  I wanted to be one of you.  I wanted to join the Brotherhood but you sold me off like a slave.  Do you know what she did to me?  She strapped me down on a bed, she stripped me naked --
SANDOR:  Sounds all right so far.
SANDOR:  Was she naked too?
THOROS:  She needed your blood.
GENDRY:  Yes. Thank you.  I know that.
SANDOR steps in front of GENDRY to halt him.
SANDOR:  It could have been worse.
GENDRY:  She wanted to kill me.  They would have killed me if it wasn't for Davos --
SANDOR:  But they didn't, did they?  So what you whinging about?
GENDRY:  I'm not whinging.
SANDOR:  Your lips are moving and you're complaining about something.  That's whinging.
SANDOR motions to BERIC.
SANDOR:  This one's been killed six times.  You don't hear him bitching about it.
SANDOR walks away to join the group.  BERIC and THOROS smile to each other.  THOROS holds his wine flask out to GENDRY who takes a large gulp and hands it back to THOROS.
THOROS:  Good lad.
The camera shifts to the head of the line.  JON is walking with JORAH.
JON:  The first time I went north of the wall was with your father.
JORAH:  He was a good man.  He deserved a better son.  Were you with him at the end?
JON:  I was a prisoner of the Wildlings.  But we avenged him.  I want you to know that every mutineer found justice.
JORAH:  I can't think of a worse way for him to go.  The Night's Watch was his life.  He would have died to protect every one of those men, and they butchered him.
JON:  I hate that he died that way.  My father was the most honorable man I ever met.  He was good all the way through.  And he died on the executioner's block.
JORAH:  Your father wanted to execute me.
JON:  I heard.
JORAH:  He was in the right of course.  It didn't make me hate him any less.
JORAH and JON glance at each other.
JON:  I'm glad he didn't capture you.
JORAH:  Me too.
JON stops walking and loosens the belt holding his sword.
JON:  Your father gave me this sword.  He changed the pommel from a bear to a wolf, but it's still Long Claw.
JON hands the sword to JORAH.  JORAH slowly takes the sword and looks it over in his hands.
JON:  Lord Commander Mormont thought you'd never come back to Westeros.
JORAH stops examining the sword and looks up to JON.
JON:  But you are back and it's been in your family for centuries.  It's not right for me to have it.
JORAH pauses, then nods at JON.
JORAH:  He gave it to you.
JON:  I'm not his son.
JORAH pulls the sword halfway out of the sheath and inspects the blade, turning it in his hands.
JORAH:  I brought shame to my house.  I broke my father's heart.
JORAH resheaths the blade and hands it back to JON.
JORAH:  I forfeited the right to claim this sword.  It's yours.  May it serve you well and your children after you.
Snow is falling into the courtyard.  The ground is covered with several inches of snow.  Several braziers are burning and a servant carries a bucket of steaming water across the grounds.  ARYA is standing on the upper level looking into the courtyard.  SANSA approaches her from behind.
ARYA:  Father used to watch us from up here.  He wouldn't say much.  You probably don't remember.  You were inside knitting all the time.
SANSA:  I remember.
ARYA:  One time the boys were shooting arrows with Ser Rodrick.  I came out here after and Bran had left his bow behind just lying on the ground.  Ser Rodrick would have cuffed him if he saw.  There was one arrow in the target.  There was no one around, just like now.  No one to stop me.  So I started shooting.  And every shot I had to go out there and get my one arrow and walk back and shoot it again.  I wasn't very good.  Finally I hit the bullseye.  It could have been the 20th shot or the 50th.  I don't remember.  But I hit the bullseye and I heard this.
ARYA starts a slow clap.
ARYA:  I looked up and he's standing right here smiling down at me.  I knew what I was doing was against the rules.  But he was smiling so I knew it wasn't wrong.  The rules were wrong.  I was doing what I was meant to be doing and he knew it.  Now he's dead.  Killed by the Lannisters with your help.
SANSA turns to look at ARYA.
SANSA:  What?
ARYA retrieves a raven scroll from her pocket and unrolls it.
ARYA:  That's your pretty handwriting.  Septa Mordane used to crack my knuckles because I couldn't write as well as you.  "Robb, I write to you today with heavy heart.  Our good King Robert is dead.  Killed from wounds he took in a boar hunt --
SANSA:  You don't have to read it.  I remember.
ARYA:  "Father has been charged with treason.  He conspired with Robert's brothers against my beloved Joffrey and tried to steal his throne.  The Lannisters are treating me well and providing me with every comfort.  I beg you, come to King's Landing, swear fealty to King Joffrey and prevent any strife between the great houses of Lannister and Stark.  Your faithful sister, Sansa."
SANSA:  They forced me to do it.
ARYA:  Did they.  With a knife at your throat?  Did they put you on a rack and stretch you until your bones started to pop?
SANSA:  You don't know what it was like.  I was a child.
ARYA:  So was I.  I would have let them kill me before I betrayed my family.
SANSA:  They told me it was the only way to save father.
ARYA:  And you were stupid enough to believe them.  I remember you standing on that platform with Joffrey and Cersei when they dragged father too the block.  I remember the pretty dress you were wearing.  I remember the fancy way you did your hair.
SANSA:  You were there?
ARYA:  I was there standing in the crowd near Baelor's statue.
SANSA:  And what did you do?  Did you come running to the rescue?  Did you fight off the Lannisters and save father?
ARYA:  I wanted to.
SANSA:  But you didn't.  Just like me.
ARYA:  I didn't betray him.  I didn't betray Robb.  I didn't betray our entire family for my beloved Joffrey.
SANSA:  You should be on your knees thanking me.  We're standing in Winterfell again because of me.  You didn't win it back.  Jon didn't win it back.  He lost the Battle of the Bastards.  The Knight's of the Vale won the battle and they rode north for me while you were off where, traveling the world?
ARYA:  I was training.
SANSA:  Training.  Well, while you were training I suffered things you can never imagine.
ARYA:  Oh, I don't know about that.  I can imagine quite a lot.
SANSA:  You never would have survived what I survived.
ARYA:  I guess we'll never know.
SANSA:  What are you doing to do with that letter.
ARYA:  I don't know yet.
SANSA:  Who did you show it to?  Where did you find it?
ARYA:  You're scared, aren't you?  What are you scared of?  You didn't commit any crimes.  No one's going to hang you.
SANSA:  Arya --
ARYA:  Are you scared I'll show it to Jon and he'll be angry?  No.  That's not Jon.  He'll understand.  You were just a scared little girl all alone with the wicked Lannisters.
SANSA:  Do you know how happy Cersei would be if she saw us fighting?  This is exactly what she wants.  This is what she's always wanted, to tear us apart --
ARYA:  The northern lords will read it.  They wouldn't think much of Lady Sansa if they knew how she did Cersei's bidding.  What would little Lyanna Mormont say?  She's younger than you were when you wrote this.  Are you going to say, "But I was just a child"?
SANSA:  You're angry.  Sometimes anger makes people do unfortunate things.
ARYA:  Sometimes fear makes them do unfortunate things.  I'll go with anger.
ARYA turns and walks away.
The raiding party are marching single file acorss the frozen tundra.  SANDOR stops to tie a fur cover over his boot that came loose.  TORMUND approaches him.
TORMUND:  You’re the one they call the dog.
SANDOR:  Fuck off.
TORMUND:  They told me you were mean.  Were you born mean or you just hate Wildlings?
SANDOR:  I don't give two shits about Wildlings.
SANDOR looks up at TORMUND.
SANDOR:  Gingers I hate.
TORMUND:  Gingers are beautiful.  We are kissed by fire.  Just like you.
TORMUND points and motions to SANDOR's burned face.  SANDOR slaps his hand away.
SANDOR:  Don't point your fucking finger at me.
SANDOR walks away to rejoin the group.  TORMUND begins smiling and walks after him.
TORMUND:  Did you trip into the fire when you were a baby?
SANDOR:  I didn't trip.  I was pushed.
TORMUND:  Ever since you've been mean.
SANDOR:  Will you fuck off?
TORMUND:  I don't think you're truly mean.  You have sad eyes.
SANDOR stops and turns to TORMUND.
SANDOR:  Do you want to suck my dick?  Is that it?
TORMUND:  Dick?
SANDOR:  Cock.
TORMUND:  Ah.  Dick.  I like it.
SANDOR:  I bet you do.
SANDOR turns and begins walking, TORMUND follows.
TORMUND:  Nope.  It's pussy for me.  I have a beauty waiting for me back at Winterfell.  If I ever get back there.  Yellow hair.  Blue eyes.  Tallest woman you've ever seen.  Almost as tall as you.
SANDOR stops and glances at TORMUND.
SANDOR:  Brienne of Tarth.
TORMUND:  You know her?
SANDOR:  You're with Brienne of fucking Tarth?
TORMUND:  Well, not with her yet, but I see the way she looks at me.
SANDOR:  How does she look at you?  Like she wants to carve you up and eat your liver?
TORMUND nods.
TORMUND:  You do know her.
SANDOR:  We've met.
SANDOR and TORMUND begin walking.
TORMUND:  I want to make babies with her.  Think of the great big monsters.  They'd conquer the world.
SANDOR:  How did a mad fucker like you live this long?
TORMUND:  I'm good at killing people.
The camera shifts to the middle of the line.  JON and BERIC are walking together.
BERIC:  You don't much look like him.
JON:  Who's that?
BERIC:  Your father.  I suppose you favor your mother.
JON:  You knew him?
BERIC:  Of course I did.  When he was Hand he sent me off hunting for The Mountain.  Your Wildling friend told me the red woman brought you back.  Thoros has brought me back six times.  We both serve the same lord.
JON:  I serve the north.
BERIC:  The north didn't raise you from the dead.
JON:  The lord of light never spoke to me.  I don't know anything about him.  I don't know what he wants from me.
BERIC:  He wants you alive.
JON:  Why?
BERIC:  I don't know.
JON:  That's all anyone can tell me, I don't know.  So what's the point in serving a god that none of us knows what he wants.
BERIC:  I think about that all the time.  I don't think it's our purpose to understand except one thing.  We're soldiers.  We have to know what we're fighting for.  I'm not fighting so some man or woman I barely know can sit on a throne made of swords.
JON:  So what are you fighting for?
BERIC:  Life.  Death is the enemy.  The first enemy and the last.
JON:  But we all die.
BERIC:  The enemy always wins.  And we still need to fight him.  That's all I know.  You and I wont find much joy while we're here.  But we can keep others alive.  We can defend those who can't defend themselves.
JON:  "I am the shield that guards the realms of men."
BERIC:  Maybe we don't need to understand any more than that.  Maybe that's enough.
JON:  Aye.  Maybe that's enough.
SANDOR stops and looks into the distance.  There is a steep mountain ascending into the clouds in the distance.
SANDOR:  That's what I saw in the fire.
SANDOR points towards the mountain.
SANDOR:  A mountain like an arrowhead.
THOROS:  Are you sure?
SANDOR turns to THOROS and nods his head.
SANDOR:  We're getting close.
The men start walking towards the base of the mountain.
TYRION is sitting in a chair staring into the fire.  DAENERYS stands across the room next to the painted table.
DAENERYS:  Do you know what I like about you?
TYRION turns to look at DAENERYS.
TYRION:  I honestly don't.
DAENERYS:  You're not a hero.
TYRION:  Oh.  I've been heroic on occasion.
DAENERYS walks over to the fire and sits in the chair opposite from TYRION.
TYRION:  I once charged through the mud gate of King's Landing.
DAENERYS:  I don't want you to be a hero.  Heroes do stupid things and they die.  Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this Jon Snow, they all try to outdo each other of who can do the stupidist, bravest thing.
TYRION:  It's interesting these heroes you name.  Drogo, Jorah, Dario, even this Jon Snow, they all fell in love with you.
DAENERYS:  Jon Snow's not in love with me.
TYRION:  Oh, my mistake.  I suppose he stares at you longingly because he's hopeful for a successful military alliance.
EXT. Outside King's Landing
GREY WORM and the Unsullied stand in formation in front of King's Landing. JAIME and the Lannister forces survey them from atop the rampart. BRONN walks the length of the rampart, overseeing the men.
The camera shifts to a courtyard. The soldiers work, boiling pitch, filling barrels and rolling them up to the defensive wall.
BRONN: Oil?
SOLDIER: Pitch, my lord.
BRONN: How many barrels?
SOLDIER: 500, my lord.
BRONN: Get 500 more.
SOLDIER:  Yes, my lord.
The soldier exits and BRONN walks the wall to JAIME
BRONN: I still enjoy it when they call me "my lord."
JAIME: The thrill will fade.
BRONN: If we live that long. Men without cocks. You wouldn't find me fighting in an army if I had no cock. What's left to fight for?
JAIME: Gold?
BRONN: I spent my life around soldiers. What do you think they spend that gold on?
JAIME: Family.
BRONN: Not without a cock, you don't.
JAIME: Maybe it really is all cocks in the end.
BRONN: Yet, your brother--
JAIME: Yes, he's always been a champion of the downtrodden.
A trumpet blares. Men howl and whoop in the distance, accompanied by thundering hoofbeats. The Dothraki crest the hill behind the disciplined unsullied army. They are savage and shrieking. They ride through and past the Unsullied.
BRONN: I think we're about to be the downtrodden.
MAN: Archers, stand tall!
MAN #2: Cover that wall!
EXT. The Sea Outside King's Landing
An Ironborn fleet rests next to the castle. More Ironborn ships approach.
CUT TO: Deck of Ironborn Ship.
TYRION, THEON and VARYS stand on deck, looking to the distance as their ship sails in. TYRION joins JON, JORAH, MISSANDEI and JORAH on the foredeck.
JON:  How many people live here?
TYRION: A million, give or take.
JON: That's more people than the entire North crammed into that. Why would anyone want to live that way?
TYRION: There's more work in the city. And the brothels are far superior.
INT. Below deck of the Ironborn Ship
SANDOR descends a staircase into a dark hold, bearing a lantern. He advances carefully and stops at a crate. He gives one knock, and the WIGHT screeches in a frenzy, shaking his crate prison. Satisfied that the WIGHT lives, SANDOR turns and exits.
INT. King's Landing
CERSEI, QYBURN and JAIME stand in a royal chamber.
CERSEI: Why isn't she with them?
QYBURN: I'm afraid I don't know, Your Grace. No one has seen her.
CERSEI: And the rest of them?
QYBURN: They're on their way to the dragon pit now.
CERSEI: Including our brother.
QYBURN: Yes, Your Grace.
CERSEI and JAIME walk into the adjacent room, where the MOUNTAIN stands.
CERSEI:  If anything goes wrong, kill the silver-haired bitch first, then our brother, then the bastard who calls himself king.
CERSEI exits, followed by the MOUNTAIN, QYBURN and JAIME
EXT. Outside King's Landing
JON, TYRION, JORAH, MISSANDEI and DAVOS walk ahead of their Dothraki guards. VARYS, THEON and SANDOR are further back.
MISSANDEI: Why did they build it?
JORAH: Dragons don't understand the difference between what is theirs and what isn't. Land, livestock, children... Letting them roam free around a city was a problem.
TYRION: I imagine it was a sad joke at the end. An entire arena for a few sickly creatures smaller than dogs. But in the beginning, when it was home to Balerion the Dread, it must have been the most dangerous place in the world.
Lannister guards approach, led by BRONN and accompanied by BRIENNE and PODRICK.
DAVOS: Maybe it still is.
BRONN: Welcome, my lords. Your friends arrived before you did.
The Dothraki, led by Qhono, look suspicious. BRIENNE and SANDOR exchange a look.
BRONN: I've been sent to escort you all to the meeting.
The Lannister guards part, clearing the path. TYRION nods to QHONO, who takes the lead. The Dothraki all move forward, followed by the rest. PODRICK meets TYRION.
TYRION: A pleasant surprise in an unpleasant situation.
PODRICK: I never thought I'd see you again, my lord.
TYRION: Supporting the enemy, no less.
PODRICK: Hard to blame you.
TYRION: Cersei will anyway.
PODRICK: I'm glad you're alive.
BRONN: Come on! You can suck his magic cock later.
TYRION: (Shakes his head.)
CUT TO: Further back on the road.
The WIGHT's crate is drawn by horses, en route to the meeting site.
SOLDIER: What's in there?
SANDOR: Fuck off.
BRIENNE: I thought you were dead.
SANDOR: Not yet. You came pretty close.
BRIENNE: I was only trying to protect her.
SANDOR: You and me both.
BRIENNE: She's alive. Arya.
SANDOR: Where?
BRIENNE: Winterfell.
SANDOR: Who's protecting her if you're here?
BRIENNE: The only one that needs protecting is the one that gets in her way.
SANDOR: It won't be me.
The camera shifts forward as they travel to the meeting.
TYRION: Here we are the heroes of Blackwater Bay. Strange place for a reunion.
PODRICK: It is, my lord.
TYRION: I don't think I'm anyone's lord anymore, Podrick. Save the titles for Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.
BRONN: I'm sure your new queen--
TYRION: You've been thinking about our new queen.
VARYS: And that would be double what now, exactly?
BRONN: Don't you worry about me. I'm doing all right. Looking after myself.
TYRION: Are you? Helping me to arrange this meeting wasn't exactly looking after yourself, was it? You put yourself at risk.
BRONN: I put yourself at risk. Important difference. It's your head Queen Cersei's offered a bag of gold for, it's not mine. Now, thanks to me, she's got two traitors' heads coming right through her door. She can lop them both off as soon as she gets tired of the clever words that pour out their pieholes. All thanks to Ser Bronn of the fucking Blackwater. If that's not looking after myself, I don't know what is.
TYRION: It's good to see you again.
BRONN: Yeah, you, too.
CUT TO: Outside the Dragon PIt
SANDOR attends to the cart transporting the WIGHT.
SANDOR: Anyone touches it, I'll kill you first.
CUT TO: The Dragon Pit
The party enters the ruin of the dragon pit. Lannister banners decorate the walls, and the stage has been furnished with open tents for the summit. Everyone files in, Lannisters to the right, Northerns to the left.
BRONN: Come on, Pod. Let's you and me go have a drink while the fancy folks talk, eh?
BRIENNE gives her permission to PODRICK, who exits with BRONN. JON watches them go.
JORAH and TYRION look around. SANDOR paces.
SANDOR: I left this shit city because I didn't want to die in it. Am I going to die in this shit city?
TYRION: You might.
SANDOR: And this is all your idea. Seems every bad idea has some Lannister cunt behind it.
TYRION: And some Clegane cunt to help them see it through.
CERSEI enters with the MOUNTAIN, QYBURN, EURON and JAIME. JON and CERSEI exchange glances. So do BRIENNE and JAIME, CERSEI and TYRION, EURON and THEON. The royal party seats themselves, and SANDOR and the MOUNTAIN exchange looks. The Cleganes walk to confront one another before the dais.
SANDOR: Remember me? Yeah, you do. You're even fucking uglier than I am now. What did they do to you? Doesn't matter. That's not how it ends for you, brother.
SANDOR walks away. The MOUNTAIN watches him go, then takes his place behind Cersei.
CERSEI: Where is she?
TYRION: She'll be here soon.
CERSEI: Didn't travel with you?
TYRION: No.
Everyone waits. Then, dragons screech. JAIME and EURON stand to watch the dragons arrive.  Drogon lands powerfully next to the stage and roars. TYRION turns to look at CERSEI. JON and DAVOS look on as Drogon roars again, lowering his head to reveal DAENERYS on his back. Drogon climbs down to the dragon pit, and DAENERYS dismounts. She walks to the dais as Drogon flies away. DAENERYS and CERSEI eye one another as she takes her seat next to TYRION.
CERSEI: We've been here for some time.
DAENERYS: My apologies.
DAENERYS looks to TYRION, who stands in response.
TYRION: We are all facing a unique
EURON: Theon! I have your sister
TYRION and JAIME exchange confused glances. JAIME shakes TYRION off.
TYRION: I think we ought to begin with larger concerns.
EURON: Then why are you talking? You're the smallest concern here.
EURON walks towards TYRION.
TYRION: Do you remember when we discussed dwarf jokes? His wasn't even good. He explained it at the end. Never explain. It always ruins it.
EURON: We don't even let your kind live in the Iron Islands, you know? We kill you at birth. An act of mercy for the parents.
JAIME: Perhaps you ought to sit down.
EURON: Why?
CERSEI: Sit down or leave.
The MOUNTAIN moves forward, threatening to enforce CERSEI's will. EURON laughs and returns to his seat. THEON watches silently.
TYRION: We are a group of people who do not like one another, as this recent demonstration has shown. We have suffered at each other's hands. We have lost people we love at each other's hands. If all we wanted was more of the same, there would be no need for this gathering. We are entirely capable of waging war against each other without meeting face-to-face.
CERSEI: So instead, we should settle our differences and live together in harmony for the rest of our days?
TYRION: We all know that will never happen.
CERSEI: Then why are we here?
JON rises and walks forward to make his case.
JON: This isn't about living in harmony. It's just about living. The same thing is coming for all of us. A general you can't negotiate with. An army that doesn't leave corpses behind on the battlefield. Lord Tyrion tells me a million people live in this city. They're about to become a million more soldiers in the Army of the Dead.
CERSEI: I imagine for most of them it would be an improvement.
JON: This is serious. I wouldn't be here if it weren't.
CERSEI: I don't think it's serious at all. I think it's another bad joke. If my brother Jaime has informed me correctly, you're asking me for a truce.
DAENERYS: Yes. That's all.
CERSEI: That's all? Pull back my armies and stand down while you go on your monster hunt. Or while you solidify and expand your position. Hard for me to know which it is with my armies pulled back until you return and march on my capital with four times the men.
DAENERYS: Your capital will be safe until the northern threat is dealt with. You have my word.
CERSEI: The word of a would-be usurper.
TYRION: There is no conversation that will erase the last 50 years. We have something to show you.
SANDOR returns, bearing the crate on his back. He puts it down, removes the chains and bars that lock it. He removes the lid, and stands back in caution, grasping the hilt of his sword. Nothing happens. He kicks over the crate to reveal the WIGHT, who charges towards CERSEI, screeching horribly. SANDOR follows, while the WIGHT reaches for the frozen CERSEI. At the last minute, SANDOR pulls the chain that binds him, yanking the WIGHT off of its feet.  JAIME and the MOUNTAIN stand to protect CERSEI. The WIGHT turns its attention to SANDOR. He draws his sword, and slices the WIGHT in half as it attacks him. Both halves of the WIGHT continue to move. The upper half crawls towards SANDOR, who slices away a forearm. QYBURN picks up the undead arm to examine it. JON takes it, and with Davos's help, lights a torch.
JON:  We can destroy them by burning them.
JON sets the hand aflame, and it writhes. The WIGHT screeches helplessly. JON drops the arm.
JON: And we can destroy them with dragonglass. If we don't win this fight, then that is the fate of every person in the world.
JON stabs the WIGHT in the heart with his dragonglass knife, and the WIGHT falls lifeless after a final screech. CERSEI stares in disbelief, and DAENERYS watches. JON approaches CERSEI.
JON: There is only one war that matters the Great War. And it is here.
CERSEI looks to JAIME.
DAENERYS: I didn't believe it until I saw them. I saw them all.
JAIME: How many?
DAENERYS: A hundred thousand, at least.
EURON rises to investigate the lifeless WIGHT.
EURON: Can they swim?
JON: No.
EURON: Good. I'm taking the Iron Fleet back to the Iron Islands.
CERSEI: What are you talking about?
EURON: I've been around the world. I've seen everything, things you couldn't imagine, and this this is the only thing I've ever seen that terrifies me.
EURON walks over to DAENERYS.
EURON: I'm going back to my island. You should go back to yours. When winter's over, we'll be the only ones left alive.
EURON exits.
CERSEI: He's right to be afraid. And a coward to run. If those things come for us, there will be no kingdoms to rule. Everything we suffered will have been for nothing. Everything we lost will have been for nothing. The crown accepts your truce. Until the dead are defeated, they are the true enemy.
JON: (SIGHS)
CERSEI: In return, the King
DAENERYS: Just the King
CERSEI: (CHUCKLES) I would never ask it of you. You would never agree to it. And if you did, I would trust you even less than I do now. I ask it only of Ned Stark's son. I know Ned Stark's son.
JON looks to DAVOS and DAENERYS.
JON: I am true to my word. Or I try to be. That is why I cannot give you what you ask. I cannot serve two queens. And I have already pledged myself to Queen Daenerys of House Targaryen.
CERSEI: Then there is nothing left to discuss. The dead will come north first. Enjoy dealing with them. We will deal with whatever is left of you.
CERSEI, JAIME, QYBURN and the MOUNTAIN move to leave. BRIENNE follows.
BRIENNE: Ser Jaime.
JAIME: It's been good to see you. I imagine the next time will be across a battlefield.
BRIENNE: We both saw what just happened. We both saw that thing.
JAIME: Yes, and I'm not looking forward to seeing more of them. But I'm loyal to the queen and you're loyal to Sansa and her dolt brother.
BRIENNE hits JAIME on the arm
BRIENNE: Oh, fuck loyalty!
JAIME: Fuck loyalty?
BRIENNE: This goes beyond houses and honor and oaths. Talk to the queen.
JAIME looks to CERSEI, who turns and walks away with QYBURN.
JAIME: And tell her what?
JAIME exits.
Those that remain contemplate what has happened.
DAVOS: I wish you hadn't done that.
DAENERYS: I'm grateful for your loyalty, but my dragon died so that we could be here. If it's all for nothing, then he died for nothing.
JON: I know!
TYRION: I'm pleased you bent the knee to our queen
JON: I'm not going to swear an oath I can't uphold. Talk about my father.
TYRION: That is indeed a problem. The more immediate problem is that we're fucked.
DAVOS: Any ideas as to how we might change that state of affairs?
TYRION: Only one. Everyone stays here, and I go and talk to my sister.
DAENERYS: I didn't come all this way to have my Hand
TYRION: I don't want Cersei to murder me either. I could have stayed in my cell and saved a great deal of trouble.
JON: I did this. I should go.
TYRION:  She'll definitely murder you. I go see my sister.
DAENERYS: (Nods)
Tyrion exits.
CUT TO: King's Landing portico
Tyrion walks the halls of the castle, followed by the MOUNTAIN. He meets with JAIME.
TYRION: You spoke with her?
JAIME: At her until she kicked me out. She thinks I was an idiot to trust you. A lot of people seem to think that, actually.
TYRION: I'm about to step into a room with the most murderous woman in the world who's already tried to kill me twice, that I know of. Who's an idiot?
JAIME: I suppose we should say goodbye, one idiot to another.
TYRION advances, and the MOUNTAIN leads him inside
CUT TO: Council Chamber.
The MOUNTAIN accompanies TYRION into the chamber to meet CERSEI.
CERSEI: I shouldn't be surprised, I suppose. She's your kind of woman a foreign whore who doesn't know her place.
TYRION: A foreign whore you can't abduct, beat, or intimidate. That must be difficult for you.
CERSEI: So you bring her here with her pet Northerner,  whom you've convinced to bow down before her.
TYRION:  I didn't know about that.
CERSEI: And now you've got them both working towards the same goal, the goal you've worked towards your entire life.
TYRION:  Cersei, I didn't know.
CERSEI: the destruction of this family.
TYRION: I am the one preventing that from happening. Daenerys didn't want to debate and negotiate. She didn't want to bring you words. She wanted to bring you fire and blood until I advised her otherwise. I don't want to destroy our family. I never have.
CERSEI: You killed our father
TYRION: After he sentenced me to death for a crime I didn't commit, yes, I killed him. Hate me for it if you want. I hate myself for it in spite of what he was, in spite of what he did to me.
CERSEI: Oh, poor little man. Your papa was mean to you. Do you have any idea what you did when you fired that crossbow? You left us open. You laid us bare for the vultures, and the vultures came and tore us apart. You may not have killed Joffrey, but you killed Myrcella, you killed Tommen. No one would've touched them if Father--
TYRION:  I have never been more sorry about anything.
CERSEI: I will not hear it, not from you.
TYRION: (starts)
CERSEI: I will not hear it!
TYRION: All right. You love your family, and I have destroyed it. I will always be a threat. So put an end to me.
CERSEI pauses.
TYRION: If it weren't for me, you'd have a motherIf it weren't for me, you'd have a father.
The MOUNTAIN readies to draw his sword. CERSEI sighs and sits back, eyes closed. The MOUNTAIN stands back. TYRION pours himself some wine and drinks it down. He pours another glass, and walks back to CERSEI, placing his cup on her desk. He takes another glass..
TYRION: I am more sorry about the children than you could ever know.
CERSEI: I will not
TYRION:  I don't care. I loved them. You know I did. You know it in your heart if there's anything left of it.
TYRION pours himself wine and takes a drink.
CERSEI: It doesn't matter. Your love doesn't matter. Your feelings don't matter. I don't care why you did what you did. I only care what it cost us. It cost us our future.
TYRION: If there's no future, then why are we here? Why did you allow me to come?
CERSEI: Not to help my enemies collaborate in my destruction.
TYRION: Yes, no, not what you hoped for, but you must have hoped for something.
CERSEI: What did you hope for?  To make Jon Snow submit to your queen.
TYRION: Mm, not like this.
CERSEI: But eventually, you want everyone to bend the knee to her.
TYRION: Yes.
CERSEI: Why?
TYRION: Because I think she will make the world a better place.
CERSEI: You said she'd destroy King's Landing.
TYRION: She knows herself. She chose an advisor who would check her worst impulses instead of feeding them.
CERSEI: That's the difference between you. I don't care about checking my worst impulses. I don't care about making the world a better place. Hang the world.
CERSEI cradles her belly and TYRION notices. She takes a deep breath.
CERSEI: That thing you dragged here, I know what it is, I know what it means. And when it came at me, I didn't think about the world. Not at all. As soon as it opened its mouth, the world disappeared for me, right down its black throat. All I could think about was keeping those gnashing teeth away from the ones who matter most, away from my family. Maybe Euron Greyjoy had the right idea. Get on a boat, take those who matter.
TYRION: You're pregnant.
CERSEI does not answer.
CUT TO: Side Area of the Dragon Pit
JON picks up some bleached bones from the dirt floor. DAENERYS approaches him.
JON: No one is less happy about this than I am.
DAENERYS: I know. I respect what you did. Wish you hadn't done it, but I respect it.
DAENERYS takes the bone from JON.
DAENERYS: This place was the beginning of the end for my family. (Speaks Valerian.) A dragon is not a slave. They were terrifying. Extraordinary. They filled people with wonder and awe, and we locked them in here. They wasted away. They grew small. And we grew small as well. We weren't extraordinary without them. We were just like everyone else.
She hands the bone back to JON.
JON: You're not like everyone else. And your family hasn't seen its end. You're still here.
DAENERYS: I can't have children.
JON: Who told you that?
DAENERYS: The witch who murdered my husband.
JON: Has it occurred to you she might not have been a reliable source of information?
DAENERYS: You were right from the beginning. If I had trusted you, everything would be different.
JON: So, what now?
DAENERYS: I can't forget what I saw north of the Wall. And I can't pretend that Cersei won't take back half the country the moment I march north.
JON: It appears Tyrion's assessment was correct. We're fucked.
DAENERYS: (Laughs)
They hear footsteps, and they walk back to the others. The camera shifts to the main area of the Dragon Pit. TYRION walks in alone. He is followed by CERSEI, the MOUNTAIN, QYBURN, JAIME and the Lannister guards. The northern delegation watches as they approach the dais.
CERSEI: My armies will not stand down. I will not pull them back to the capital. I will march them north to fight alongside you in the Great War. The darkness is coming for us all. We'll face it together. And when the Great War is over, perhaps you'll remember I chose to help with no promises or assurances from any of you. I expect not. Call our banners. All of them.
CUT TO: The North
A raven flies in the wintery night towards Winterfell.
CUT TO: Winterfell interior
LITTLEFINGER: It's not easy for ravens to fly in these storms. Perhaps Jon tried to send word earlier.
SANSA: No, this is the way he is, the way he's always been. He never asked for my opinion. Why would he start now?
LITTLEFINGER: I can't believe he'd surrender the Northern crown without consulting you.
SANSA: This is his writing, his signature. He pledged to fight for Daenerys Targaryen. He's bent the knee.
LITTLEFINGER: I've heard gossip that the Dragon Queen is quite beautiful.
SANSA: What does that have to do with anything?
LITTLEFINGER: Jon is young and unmarried. Daenerys is young and unmarried.
SANSA: You think he wants to marry her?
LITTLEFINGER: An alliance makes sense. Together, they'd be difficult to defeat. He was named King.
SANSA: Even if I wanted to, Arya would never go along. She always loved Jon far more than she ever loved me, and she'd kill anyone who betrayed her family.
LITTLEFINGER: You are family, too. Would Arya really murder her own sister?
SANSA: Do you know what she is now? Do you know what the Faceless Men are?
LITTLEFINGER: Only by reputation. They worship the God of Death, I believe. I never trust godly men.
SANSA: They're killers. And Arya was one of them. What do you think she's after?
LITTLEFINGER: She's your sister
SANSA: She could want me dead because she thinks I wronged my family.
LITTLEFINGER: Why did she come to Winterfell?
SANSA: To kill me for marrying our enemies and betraying my family.
LITTLEFINGER: Why did she unearth the letter Cersei made you write?
SANSA: To provide proof of my betrayals. To provide justification after she murders me.
LITTLEFINGER: And after she murders you, what does she become?
SANSA: Lady
SANSA contemplates.
CUT TO: Dragonstone Map Room
JON, DAENERYS, DAVOS, JORAH, THEON, VARYS, MISSANDEI, GREY WORM and TYRION strategize.
JON: If we have the Dothraki ride hard on the kingsroad, they'll arrive at Winterfell within the fortnight.
DAENERYS: And the Unsullied? We can sail with them to White Harbor, meet the Dothraki here on the kingsroad, then ride together to Winterfell.
JORAH: Perhaps you should fly to Winterfell, Your Grace. You have many enemies in the North. Thousands fell fighting your fatherAll it takes is one angry man with a crossbow. He'll see your silver hair on the kingsroad and know that one well-placed bolt will make him a hero. The man who killed the conqueror.
JON: It's your decision, Your Grace. But if we're going to be allies in this war, it's important for the Northerners to see us as allies. If we sail to White Harbor together, I think it sends a better message.
DAENERYS: I've not come to conquer the North. I'm coming to save the North. We sail together.
CUT TO: Dragonstone Throne Room
JON and DAVOS walk through the room, away from the meeting. THEON trails behind.
THEON: Jon.
JON and DAVOS stop and turn.
THEON: Can I speak with you?
JON: All right.
DAVOS exits.
THEON: What you did in King's Landing, what you said... You could've lied to Cersei about bending the knee to Daenerys. You risked everything to tell an enemy the truth.
JON: We went down there to make peace. And it seems to me we need to be honest with each other if we're going to fight together.
THEON: You've always known what was right. Even when we were all young and stupid, you always knew. Every step you take it's always the right step.
JON: It's not. It may seem that way from the outside, but I promise you, it's not true. I've done plenty of things that I regret.
THEON: Not compared to me, you haven't.
JON: No. Not compared to you.
THEON: I always wanted to do the right thing. Be the right kind of person. But I never knew what that meant. It always seemed like there's like there was an impossible choice I had to make. Stark or Greyjoy.
JON: Our father was more of a father.
THEON: He was.
JON: And you betrayed him. Betrayed his memory.
THEON: I did.
JON: (SIGHS) But you never lost him. He's a part of you. Just like he's a part of me.
THEON: But the things I've done.
JON: It's not my place to forgive you for all of it. But what I can forgive, I do. You don't need to choose. You're a Greyjoy and you're a Stark.
THEON: When I was Ramsay's prisoner, Yara tried to save me. She's the only one who tried to save me. (SNIFFLES) She needs me now.
JON: So, why are you still talking to me?
JON exits.
CUT TO: The shores of King's Landing
HARRAG and the ironborn load their skiffs, preparing to depart.
HARRAG: Load up. Load up, lads. Go on. Tide's coming in.
THEON approaches
THEON: All of us chose to follow Yara. We left the Iron Islands for Yara. She would never leave one of us behind. We're not leaving her behind.
HARRAG: Your sister--
THEON:  She's not dead.
HARRAG:  She's dead. Even if Euron hasn't cut her throat yet, she's dead.
THEON: She's our queen
HARRAG: She's your sister
THEON: I did. I ran from my uncle.
HARRAG: So, why in fuck's name should we listen to you? They say the dead can't swim. We're going to sail east, find a nice, quiet island, kill all the men, and take their wives for ourselves.
THEON:  We're done with all that.
HARRAG: Who says we are?
THEON: Yara did. She made a pledge. We're going to find her, and we're going to set her free.
HARRAG spits in THEON's face. The men laugh.
HARRAG: Run away, little Theon. It's what you do best.
MAN: He needs to shut his mouth.
HARRAG swings a strong blow to THEON's chin. THEON reels, but recovers to throw a counter-punch. HARRAG evades the blow, they grapple and THEON is thrown to the ground.
MAN: Hey!
The ironborn are enjoying the fight. THEON gets up and the grapple, before HARRAG lands a head butt. Followed by a leveling punch to the face.
MAN #2: Oh, yes!
MAN #3: That's more like it.
THEON charges, grabbing HARRAG around the waist. But HARRAG gets the better of him, and THEON ends up back on the sand, bloodied.
HARRAG: Stay down or I'll kill you!
THEON gets up, woozy. HARRAG punches him again, and he crumbles to the sand, groaning.
HARRAG: (panting) I said stay down or I'll kill you!
THEON gets up again, and they set on one another. HARRAG knees THEON in the groin, but there is no reaction. He does it again. THEON is emboldened. He head butts HARRAG, then tackles him. He sits astride HARRAG and delivers repeated, punishing blows to his bloodied face. HARRAG is defeated.
THEON: Not for me. For Yara!
MEN: Yara!
THEON staggers to the water, and he cleanses his face.
CUT TO: King's Landing Exterior
Sansa contemplates the landscape on a grey, snowy day from the ramparts of Winterfell. She makes up her mind and walks towards a guard.
SANSA: Have my sister
CUT TO: The Great Hall of Winterfell
SANSA and BRAN sit at the great table, with WOLKAN standing to the side. The room is filled with northmen. The guards escort ARYA into the hall, and leave her standing alone in front of the table. ARYA looks around and spies YOHN ROYCE, then LITTLEFINGER.
ARYA: Are you sure you want to do this?
SANSA: It's not what I want. It's what honor demands.
ARYA: And what does honor demand?
SANSA: That I defend my family from those who would harm us. That I defend the North from those who would betray us.
ARYA: All right, then. Get on with it.
SANSA: You stand accused of murder. You stand accused of treason. How do you answer these charges Lord Baelish?
SANSA and ARYA turn their heads towards LITTLEFINGER, as do the others in the room. LITTLEFINGER is dumbfounded.
ARYA: My sister asked you a question.
LITTLEFINGER: Lady Sansa, forgive me I'm a bit confused.
SANSA: Which charges confuse you? Let's start with the simplest one you murdered our aunt, Lysa Arryn. You pushed her through the Moon Door and watched her fall. Do you deny it?
LITTLEFINGER: I did it to protect you.
SANSA: You did it to take power in the Vale. Earlier, you conspired to murder Jon.
LITTLEFINGER: Whatever your aunt
SANSA: You had Aunt Lysa send a letter to our parents telling them it was the Lannisters who murdered Jon.
LITTLEFINGER: I know of no such letter.
SANSA: You conspired with Cersei Lannister and Joffrey Baratheon to betray our father.
LITTLEFINGER: I deny it! None of you were there to see what happened. None of you knows the truth.
BRAN: You held a knife to his throat.
LITTLEFINGER turns to face BRAN, surprised at this knowledge he has.
BRAN: You said, "I did warn you not the trust me."
ARYA: You told our mother
ARYA draws the knife.
LITTLEFINGER: Lady Sansa, I have known you since you were a girl. I've protected you.
SANSA: Protected me? By selling me to the Boltons?
LITTLEFINGER: If we could speak alone, I can explain everything.
SANSA: Sometimes when I'm trying to understand a person's motives, I play a little game. I assume the worst. What's the worst reason you have for turning me against my sisterThat's what you do, isn't it? That's what you've always done turn family against family, turn sister against sister. That's what you did to our mother.
LITTLEFINGER: Sansa, please.
SANSA: I'm a slow learner, it's true. But I learn.
LITTLEFINGER: Give me a chance to defend myself. I deserve that.
SANSA: (Nods.)
LITTLEFINGER: I am Lord Protector of the Vale and I command you to escort me safely back to the Eyrie.
JOHN ROYCE: I think not.
LITTLEFINGER kneels before SANSA.
LITTLEFINGER: Sansa, I beg you! I loved your mother since the time I was a boy.
SANSA: And yet, you betrayed her.
LITTLEFINGER: I loved you. More than anyone.
SANSA: And yet, you betrayed me.
SANSA rises.
SANSA: When you brought me back to Winterfell, you told me there's no justice in the world, not unless we make it. Thank you for all your many lessons, Lord Baelish. I will never forget them.
ARYA steps briskly towards LITTLEFINGER, and slashes his throat with his own knife, swiftly.
LITTLEFINGER: Sansa! (GASPS) I--
ARYA returns tableside, and everyone watches as LITTLEFINGER dies.
CUT TO: An Interior Courtyard in King's Landing.
Jaime paces into the yard. CERSEI watches from the upper level.
JAIME: Our men in King's Landing will march north in three days' time.
MAN: It'll take us a fortnight just to gather supplies for the train.
JAIME: We don't have a fortnight. If the North falls, we fall. Three days. The remaining forces in the Westerlands will take the river road east. We'll meet at Lord Harroway's Town and march together to Winterfell.
CERSEI: Ser Jaime.
JAIME: Your Grace.
The lords bow in union to CERSEI
CERSEI: My lords, I need a moment with my brother.
MEN: Your Grace.
JAIME dismisses them and the lords exit. CERSEI walks down to ground level to join him.
CERSEI: What are you doing?
JAIME: Preparing the expedition north.
CERSEI: Expedition north? I always knew you were the stupidest Lannister. The Starks and Targaryens have united against us, and you want to fight alongside them? Are you a traitor or an idiot?
JAIME: You pledged our forces to fight our common enemy.
CERSEI: I'll say whatever I need to say to ensure the survival of our house. You expect me to trust the man who murdered our father.
JAIME: You saw it with your own eyes. You saw a dead man trying to kill us.
CERSEI: I saw it burn. If dragons can't stop them, if Dothraki and Unsullied and Northmen can't stop them, how will our armies make a difference?
JAIME: This isn't about noble houses, this is about the living and the dead!
CERSEI: And I intend to stay amongst the living. Let the Stark boy and his new queen--
JAIME: I made a promise.
CERSEI: Our child will rule Westeros.
JAIME: Our child will never be born if the dead come south.
CERSEI: The monsters are real. The white walkers, the dragons, the Dothraki screamers all the frightening stories we heard when we were young, they're all real. So be it. Let the monsters kill each other. And while they battle in the North, we take back the lands that belong to us.
JAIME: And then what?
CERSEI: And then we rule.
JAIME: When the fighting in the North is over, someone wins. You understand that, don't you? If the dead win, they march south and kill us all. If the living win, and we've betrayed them, they march south and kill us all!
CERSEI: The Targaryens and the Starks already want to kill us all. Most of them will die in the North.
JAIME: I faced them in the field. We can't beat them. We can't beat their dragons.
CERSEI: How many dragons did you see at the pit?
JAIME: Two.
CERSEI: What happened to the third?
JAIME: For all we know, it's guarding her fleet!
CERSEI: She came here with her dragons and her Dothraki and her Unsullied. She came here to show us all her power. No, something happened.The dragons are vulnerable.
JAIME: We can't beat the Dothraki. We don't have the numbers. We don't have the support of the other houses!
CERSEI: No, we have something better. We have the Iron Bank. You should've listened more when Father--
JAIME: The Golden Company is not here. They're in Essos. How is a mercenary company in Essos going to help us?
CERSEI: Do you really think Euron Greyjoy turned tail and sailed back to the Iron Islands? Do you think he abandoned the chance to marry the queen?
JAIME: You plotted with Euron Greyjoy without telling me, the commander.
CERSEI: And you conspired with Tyrion, the man who murdered our father without telling me, your queen.
JAIME: I didn't conspire with him.
CERSEI: You met with him in secret without my consent. You planned to promote my enemies' interests. That is the definition of conspiracy.
JAIME: I pledged to ride north. I intend to honor that pledge.
CERSEI: And that will be treason.
JAIME: Treason?
CERSEI: Disobeying your queen
JAIME: Doesn't matter what I'd call it.
JAIME starts to exit, but he is blocked by the MOUNTAIN.
CERSEI: I told you no one walks away from me.
JAIME: Are you going to order him to kill me? I'm the only one you have left. Our children are gone, our father
CERSEI:  There's one more yet to come.
JAIME: Give the order, then.
CERSEI hesitates, and JAIME thinks that he has called her bluff. Then CERSEI nods to the MOUNTAIN, who unsheathes his sword. JAIME looks nervous, then makes up his mind.
JAIME: I  don't believe you.
JAIME moves past the MOUNTAIN, who lets him go. CERSEI starts after him, but lets him go.
CUT TO: Outside King's Landing.
JAIME rides his horse away from KIng's Landing. He inspects his golden hand, then fits his glove over it. He looks up into the grey day, as snow flurries come down. He rides off.
CUT TO: Montage of King's Landing at night.
CUT TO: Winterfell Interior
BRAN sits by the fire. There is a knocking on the door.
BRAN: Come in.
SAM enters.
BRAN: Samwell Tarly.
SAM: I wasn't sure if you'd remember me.
BRAN: I remember everything.
Sam closes the door.
BRAN: You helped us get beyond the Wall. You're a good man.
SAM: Oh, well, thank you, but, um, I'm not sure that I am. What happened to you beyond the Wall?
BRAN: I became the Three-Eyed Raven.
SAM: Oh! I don't know what that means.
BRAN: I can see things that happened in the past. I can see things happening now all over the world. Why did you come to Winterfell?
SAM: Um, Jon's the one to lead the fight against the dead. I know he is. But he can't do it alone, so I've come here to help him.
BRAN: He's on his way back to Winterfell with Daenerys Targaryen. You you saw this  in a vision?
BRAN holds up a scroll delivered by a raven.
SAM: Oh.
BRAN: He needs to know the truth.
SAM: The truth about what?
BRAN: About himself. No one knows. No one but me. Jon isn't really my father's son He's the son of Rhaegar Targaryen and my aunt.
SAM: It's not.
BRAN: Dornish bastards are named Sand.
SAM: At the Citadel, I transcribed a High Septon's diary. He annulled Rhaegar's marriage to Elia. He wed Rhaegar and Lyanna in a secret ceremony.
BRAN: Are you certain?
SAM:  It's what the High Septon wrote in his private diary. I don't know why he'd lie. Is this something you can see?
CUT TO: Flashback
BRAN observes the wedding of RHAEGAR and LYANNA.
RHAEGAR:  Father, Smith, Warrior, Mother, Maiden, Crone, Stranger. I am hers and she is mine from this day until the end of my days.
LYANNA: Father, Smith, Warrior, Mother, Maiden, Crone, Stranger. I am his and he is mine from this day until the end of my days.
BRAN: Robert's Rebellion was built on a lie. Rhaegar didn't kidnap my aunt.
RHAEGAR and LYANNA kiss.
CUT TO: Boat interior
JON knocks on a door and DAENERYS answers.
BRAN: He loved her. And she loved him.
DAENERYS lowers her arm to invite JON in. The door closes. TYRION watches from the hall.
CUT TO: Flashback
LYANNA has given birth to JON, but she is dying. NED kneels beside her, holding her hand.
LYANNA: His name is Aegon.
CUT TO: Boat Interior
DAENERYS and JON are making love on her bed, passionately.
BRAN: He's never been a bastard.
TYRION continues to stand in the hallway outside their door.
BRAN'S VOICE: He needs to know. We need to tell him.
CUT TO: Winterfell Exterior
SANSA and ARYA stand on the ramparts.
ARYA: Are you all right?
SANSA: It's just strange. In his own horrible way, I believe he loved me.
ARYA: You did the right thing.
SANSA: You did it.
ARYA: I'm just the executioner. You passed the sentence. You're the Lady.
SANSA: Does that bother you?
ARYA: I was never going to be as good a lady as you. So I had to be something else. I never could have survived what you survived.
SANSA: You would have. You're the strongest person I know.
ARYA: I believe that's the nicest thing you've ever said to me.
SANSA: Well, don't get used to it. You're still very strange and annoying.
ARYA: "In winter, we must protect ourselves. Look after one another."
SANSA: Father
ARYA: I miss him.
SANSA: Me, too.
CUT TO: THE GODSWOOD OF WINTERFELL.
BRAN sits in front of the godswood.
CUT TO: The Wall.
Ravens caw as Tormund and Beric patrol on the top of the wall. They look out towards the North.
BERIC: It's a long way down.
TORMUND: Yeah. The crows keep telling me I'll get used to it.
Figures start to emerge from the forrest.
MAN: I can see movement. Watch, on the tree line!
MAN #2: What is it?
A huge undead army emerges from the trees. The white walkers are mounted, holding a spear. Dark clouds swirl. A horn blares as the undead army gets closer to the wall. The undead army stops, and all is still.
Atop the wall, TORMUND and BERIC look out nervously. A dragon's screech comes from the darkness. The undead Viserion flies in, and spits out blue flame at the wall as he passes. TORMUND and BERIC stare in disbelief. The Night King rides astride the undead dragon. TORMUND and BERIC hurry down from the watchtower.
TORMUND: Come on!  Run! Run!
The Night's Watchmen flee as the undead dragon attacks the wall will blue flame. The wall begins to buckle and fall. The stairways shake and destruct. Many fall to their deaths. The undead army watches, motionless. TORMUND and BERIC barely escape from the collapsing section of the wall. Once it has come to the ground, the undead army starts to advance. The army seems endless, and includes undead giants. The Night King leads from above, riding Viserion. The undead march south of the wall.
CUT TO: HORSE-DRAWN CARRIAGE
A carriage is among the army and it carries within it TYRION LANNISTER who sits opposite LORD VARYS.
TYRION: You should consider yourself lucky. At least your balls won’t freeze off.
VARYS: You take great offense at dwarf jokes, but love telling eunuch jokes. Why is that?
TYRION: Because I have balls, and you don't.
The army continues to march and MISSANDEI and GREY WORM ride alongside each other. The villagers stare at them disapprovingly. People also stare at JON and DAENERYS as they ride past.
JON: I warned you. Northerners don't much trust outsiders.
A dragon roars and the villagers look up at the sky in fear. People start clamouring as DAENERYS’ dragons, DROGON and RHAEGAL, fly overhead. ARYA emerges from the crowd smiling. The dragons swoop over Winterfell and SANSA STARK watches them fly overhead from the walls of Winterfell.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – FRONT GATE
DAENERYS and JON ride into Winterfell towards a crowd of people standing within. BRAN STARK is sitting at the front of the crowd. JON rides up to him and dismounts his horse. He walks up to BRAN and kisses him on the forehead.
JON: Look at you.
JON sniffles
JON: You're a man.
BRAN: Almost.
JON looks at him quizzically and then up to SANSA who is standing next to him. He walks up to her and gives her a hug. JORAH MORMONT and DAENERYS watch from behind.
JON: Where's Arya?
SANSA: Lurking somewhere.
JON turns around to DAENERYS and she walks over to him.
JON: Queen Daenerys of House Targaryen. My sister, Sansa Stark, the Lady of Winterfell.
DAENERYS: Thank you for inviting us into your home, Lady Stark. The North is as beautiful as your brother claimed, as are you.
SANSA looks at DAENERYS hesitantly.
SANSA: Winterfell is yours, Your Grace.
BRAN: We don't have time for all this. The Night King has your dragon.
DAENERYS turns to look at BRAN.
BRAN: He's one of them now. The Wall has fallen, the dead march south.
SANSA, DAENERYS and JON all look at each other concerned.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – LARGE HALL
SANSA: As soon as we heard about the Wall, I called all our banners to retreat to Winterfell. Lord Umber when can we expect your people to arrive?
A young boy stands up from the side of the room and walks forwards.
UMBER: We need more horses and wagons, if it please my lady.
He stops and then turns to look at JON.
UMBER: And my lord.
He stops again and then turns to look at DAENERYS.
UMBER: And my queen. Sorry.
SANSA: You'll have as many as we can spare. Hurry back to Last Hearth and bring your people here.
UMBER bows and walks out the hall as people chatter.
JON: We need to send ravens to the Night's Watch as well. There's no sense in manning the castles anymore. We make our stand here.
MAESTER WOLKAN: At once, Your Grace.
WOLKAN exits.
LYANNA MORMONT: "Your Grace."
LYANNA stands up and walks forwards
People start murmuring.
LYANNA: A lord? Nothing at all?
JON: It's not important.
LYANNA: Not important? We named you King in the North.
People start cheering.
MAN: King of the North!
JON: You did, my lady. It was the honor of my life. I’ll always be grateful for your faith. But when I left Winterfell, I told you we need allies or we will die. I have brought those allies home to fight alongside us. I had a choice, keep my crown or protect the North. I chose the North.
People murmur. TYRION stands up and walks to the centre of the room.
TYRION: If anyone survives the war to come, we'll have Jon Snow to thank. He risked his life to show us the threat is real. Thanks to his courage, we have brought with us the greatest army the world has ever seen. We have brought two full-grown dragons. And soon, the Lannister army will ride north to join our cause.
People grumble and yell out indistinctly.
TYRION: I know, I know, our people haven't been friends in the past. But we must fight together now or die.
SANSA: May I ask, how are we meant to feed the greatest army the world has ever seen? While I ensured our stores would last through winter, I didn't account for Dothraki, Unsullied and two full-grown dragons. What do dragons eat, anyway?
DAENERYS: Whatever they want.
Many men move around wagons full of dragonglass. One man knocks a bit out of a wagon and GENDRY catches it before it hits the ground.
GENDRY: Hey, careful, lads. We need every last bit of it.
MAN 1: Sorry ’bout that.
GENDRY climbs into the back of one of the wagons.
GENDRY: Are these the last of the wagons?
The camera cuts to TYRION who is watching over the courtyard.
MAN 2 (O.S.): Aye.
GENDRY (O.S.): All right, let's get it all to the forges.
TYRION walks up to SANSA and YOHN ROYCE.
TYRION: My lord. My lady.
ROYCE turns to look at SANSA, who nods back.
ROYCE: My lady.
ROYCE exits.
TYRION: The Lady of Winterfell. Has a nice ring to it.
SANSA: So does Hand of the Queen. Depending on the queen, I suppose.
TYRION: Last time we spoke was at Joffrey's wedding. Miserable affair.
SANSA: It had its moments.
They both glance at each other, remembering the murder of JOFFREY BARATHEON.
SANSA: Apologies for leaving like that.
TYRION: Yes, it was a bit hard to explain why my wife fled moments after the king's murder.
SANSA: We both survived.
TYRION: Many underestimated you. Most of them are dead now.
There is a short silence.
TYRION: I'm sure you weren't thrilled to hear the Lannister army's marching north. You have every right to be fearful of my sister. No one fears her more than I do. But I promise, you'll be safe-
SANSA: Cersei told you her army was coming north to fight for you?
TYRION: She did.
SANSA: And you believed her?
TYRION: She has something to live for now. I believe she wants to survive.
SANSA: I used to think you were the cleverest man alive.
SANSA exits and TYRION turns to see BRAN staring at him from the courtyard.
JON stands next to the weirwood tree and looks at the face carved into the trunk
ARYA (O.S.): You used to be taller.
JON turns around to see ARYA standing near him.
JON: How did you sneak up on me?
ARYA: How did you survive a knife through the heart?
JON: I didn't.
ARYA laughs, they both run towards each other and embrace. Once they break from their hug, JON looks down to see ARYA's sword and scoffs in disbelief.
JON: You still have it.
ARYA unsheathes her sword.
ARYA: Needle.
JON: Have you ever used it?
ARYA: Once or twice.
ARYA puts Needle away. JON pulls out his sword, Longclaw, and hands it to ARYA.
ARYA: Valyrian steel.
JON: Jealous?
ARYA scoffs.
ARYA: Too heavy for me.
JON sheaths his sword and puts his hand on ARYA's shoulder.
JON: Where were you before? I could've used your help with Sansa.
ARYA: She doesn't like your queen, does she?
JON: Sansa thinks she's smarter than everyone.
ARYA: She's the smartest person I've ever met.
JON: Now you're defending her?
JON chuckles.
JON: You?
ARYA: I'm defending our family. So is she.
JON: Yeah. I'm her family too.
ARYA hugs JON.
ARYA: Don't forget that.
QYBURN: Your Grace, I'm afraid I bring terrible news. The dead have broken through the Wall.
CERSEI's lips curl.
CERSEI: Good.
She exits as the camera pans around. EURON GREYJOY's Iron Fleet is out at sea and QYBURN turns to look out at them.
CUT TO: EURON'S SHIP
EURON smiles and stares out at King's Landing from his ship. He walks in the cabin
EURON walks inside and past YARA GREYJOY who is tied to a post in the cabin.
YARA: Why don't you just get it over with and kill me?
EURON walks up to her and crouches down.
EURON: But we're family. The last Greyjoys left in the world. The last ones with balls anyway.
EURON chuckles and pops the lid off his drink.
EURON: If I kill you who can I talk to? Hmm?
He sighs.
EURON: I've got a crew full of mutes. It gets lonely at sea.
YARA: Are we in King's Landing?
EURON: Mm.
He turns and offers his drink.
YARA: You picked the losing side.
EURON: Then I'll sail the Iron Fleet somewhere else.
He stands up and turns to look her in the eyes.
EURON: But first I'm gonna fuck the queen.
EURON exits.
CUT TO: RED KEEP – GREAT HALL
CERSEI sits on the Iron Throne, EURON and HARRY STRICKLAND stand opposite her.
CERSEI: Twenty-thousand men, is it?
HARRY: Yes, Your Grace. A few died in transit.
EURON: They cheated at dice. Or maybe I cheated. Someone cheated. They weren't good fighters. You won't miss them.
CERSEI: Horses?
HARRY: Two thousand.
CERSEI: And elephants?
HARRY: Uh, no elephants, Your Grace.
CERSEI: That's disappointing. I was told the Golden Company had elephants.
HARRY: They are excellent beasts, Your Grace, but not well-suited to long sea voyages.
CERSEI: In any event, you are most welcome here in King's Landing, Captain Strickland.
HARRY: We look forward to fighting on your behalf, Your Grace.
HARRY bows and exits.
EURON: Am I most welcome here?
CERSEI: You are a true friend of the crown and an honored guest.
EURON: Good. As a true friend and an honored guest
EURON starts to walk forward but GREGOR "THE MOUNTAIN" CLEGANE steps in the way. EURON stops but leans towards CERSEI.
EURON: I was hoping we could talk in private.
CERSEI: After the war. That was our agreement.
EURON: Wars sometimes last years.
CERSEI: You want a whore, buy one. You want a queen, earn her.
CERSEI stands and starts to walk out.
EURON: How?
CERSEI stops.
EURON: I've given her justice, an army and the Iron Fleet, yet she gives me no sign of affection. My heart is nearly broken.
CERSEI turns around to face EURON.
CERSEI: You're insolent. I've executed men for less.
EURON: They were lesser men.
CERSEI walks towards the door but halts. She turns around and looks at EURON. EURON chuckles and follows CERSEI, staring at THE MOUNTAIN as he walks past.
BRONN is on a bed in brothel with 3 women around him, DIRAH, CRAYAH and MAREI.
DIRAH: I hear the dragon burnt up a thousand Lannister men.
CRAYAH: Burnt up some of my favorite boys.
DIRAH: Archie, was it?
CRAYAH: And William.
DIRAH: Tall handsome William?
CRAYAH: Yeah, tall handsome William.
DIRAH: They said what's left of him could fit in a wine glass.
BRONN: I am the only man you ever met who shot a dragon.
CRAYAH: Did you?
BRONN: Nearly killed it.
MAREI: That's brave.
MAREI pushes BRONN back and climbs on top of him, CRAYAH and DIRAH climb on the bed either side.
CRAYAH: That boy Eddie.
DIRAH: The ginger?
CRAYAH: That's him. Came back with his face burnt right off. He's got no eyelids now.
DIRAH: How does he sleep with no eyelids?
BRONN: All right, can we stop talking about the fucking dragons now?
QYBURN (O.S.): Ser Bronn of the Blackwater.
BRONN sits up and all four of them look at QYBURN who is standing in the doorway.
BRONN: You're kidding me.
QYBURN: Apologies for the interruption, but the queen did urge me to hurry.
BRONN sighs and removes MAREI from his lap.
BRONN: Sorry, ladies. Another time perhaps.
BRONN stands up and starts dressing himself. CRAYAH walks up to QYBURN.
CRAYAH: You ever get lonely; I am partial to older gentlemen.
The three women leave.
QYBURN: Poor girl. The pox will take her within the year.
BRONN chokes on his drink and coughs.
BRONN: Which girl?
QYBURN: The queen's brothers made promises to you and broke them. Her Grace wants to rectify their mistake.
BRONN: She once gave me a castle and a wife, then rectified me right out of them.
QYBURN: That was Ser Jaime's doing, not hers. When Queen Cersei wants something, she pays in advance and in gold. Several chests of it, in fact. Waiting for you in a wagon just outside.
BRONN: So, she wants to murder someone, but she can't send her soldiers. If it's the Dragon Queen she's after-
QYBURN: She has other plans for the Targaryen girl.
BRONN: Yeah, well, good luck with that.
QYBURN: Our queen's brothers are unlikely to survive their Northern adventures. But in the event that they do-
A guard brings in a large crossbow, one that TYRION had previously used to murder his, JAIME's and CERSEI's father, TYWIN LANNISTER.
QYBURN: She has a keen sense of poetic justice.
BRONN: That fucking family.
QYBURN: When the Citadel expelled me, I thought I would die poor and alone, but in exchange for my service, Queen Cersei made me her Hand. What would she do for the man who rids her of her treasonous brothers?
QYBURN walks up to BRONN and holds out the crossbow. After a short silence, BRONN takes it. QYBURN exits whilst BRONN looks at the crossbow in his hands.
CERSEI is standing behind a chair and sighs.
CERSEI: I wanted those elephants.
The camera pans to reveal EURON getting dressed. He sighs and CERSEI walks around the chair and sits down.
EURON: So, how do I compare to the fat king?
CERSEI: You're insulting my late husband?
EURON walks up to her and whispers in her ear.
EURON: Are you offended?
CERSEI: Robert had a different whore every night, but he still didn't know his way around a woman's body.
EURON: And the Kingslayer?
CERSEI glares at EURON.
CERSEI: You enjoy risking your neck, don't you?
EURON chuckles.
EURON: Life is boring.
CERSEI: You're not boring, I'll give you that.
EURON smiles and walks up to CERSEI, standing over her.
EURON: Do I please the queen?
CERSEI: You might be the most arrogant man I've ever met. I like that.
EURON chuckles.
CERSEI: But now I want to be alone.
EURON leans down and speaks softly to CERSEI.
EURON: I'm going to put a prince in your belly.
EURON exits and tears start to form in CERSEI's eyes.
CUT TO: IRON FLEET
A door can be heard open and then close, a bow string creaks and then an arrow pierces a man's head. More and more of EURON's men drop dead and a group of men walk over their bodies. YARA is still tied to the post in the cabin and looks up when she hears a bang. Suddenly, a body falls through the door with an axe in his face. THEON GREYJOY walks in after it, retrieves the axe and unties YARA. THEON helps YARA to her feet before she turns to him and headbutts him. THEON falls to the floor, stunned, and YARA extends a hand. THEON grabs her hand and they both exit the cabin.
CUT TO: THEON'S SHIPS
Three ships from the Iron Fleet sail together.
YARA (O.S.): Euron can't defend the Iron Islands, not if he's in King's Landing with all his men and his ships.
YARA and THEON stand on deck next to one another.
YARA: We can take our home back.
THEON: Daenerys went north.
YARA: Daenerys will need somewhere to retreat if they can't hold the North. Somewhere the dead can't go.
THEON pauses and sighs.
THEON: You're my queen. I go where you command.
YARA turns to him.
YARA: You want to go to Winterfell. To fight for the Starks. Go. What is dead may never die.
THEON turns to YARA.
THEON: What is dead may never die.
They embrace and YARA leans to his ear.
YARA: But kill the bastards anyway.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – FRONT GATE
Inside the gate, WOLKAN is greeting ALYS KARSTARK as the KARSTARKS arrive.
WOLKAN: Welcome back, my lady. If you'd follow me
WOLKAN and ALYS exit, VARYS, DAVOS SEAWORTH and TYRION are watching on.
VARYS: The Karstarks.
TYRION: One of the better sigils. Beats an onion, anyway.
DAVOS: Can't argue with that.
The three men start walking with each other.
DAVOS: Not so long ago, the Starks and the Karstarks were slaughtering each other on the battlefield. Jon Snow brought peace to the houses.
TYRION: And our queen is grateful.
DAVOS: Her gratitude is lovely, but that's not my point. The Northmen are loyal to Jon Snow, not to her. They don't know her. The Free Folk don't know her. I've been up here a while, and I'm telling you, they're stubborn as goats. You want their loyalty, you have to earn it.
TYRION stops and thinks. He then catches up with DAVOS and VARYS who continued to walk.
TYRION: I sense that you're leading to a proposal.
DAVOS looks out over the castle wall.
DAVOS: A proposal is what I'm proposing. On the off chance that we survive the Night King, what if the Seven Kingdoms, for once in their whole shit history, were ruled by a just woman and an honorable man?
VARYS and TYRION walk forward to look over the wall with DAVOS, they see JON and DAENERYS standing and talking with each other.
TYRION: They do make a handsome couple.
VARYS: You overestimate our influence. Jon and Daenerys don't want to listen to lonely old men.
TYRION: I'm not that old.
TYRION looks up at VARYS and then at DAVOS.
TYRION: Not as old as him.
DAVOS chuckles.
TYRION: Our queen respects the wisdom of age.
VARYS: Of course she does. Respect is how the young keep us at a distance, so we don't remind them of an unpleasant truth.
TYRION: What is that?
VARYS: Nothing lasts.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – OUTSIDE THE WALL
JON and DAENERYS walk together as men shout indistinctly in the background.
DAENERYS: Your sister doesn't like me.
They both stop and turn to one another.
JON: She doesn't know you. If it makes you feel any better, she didn't like me either when we were growing up.
DAENERYS: She doesn't need to be my friend but I am her queen. If she can't respect me-
Three Dothraki men ride up to DAENERYS.
DAENERYS (speaking Dothraki): How many today?
DOTHRAKI MAN #1: Only eighteen goats and eleven sheep.
The Dothraki men ride away.
JON (speaking the Common Tongue): What's the matter?
DAENERYS: The dragons are barely eating.
DAENERYS walks off and JON follows.
EXT. FLAT CLEARINGJON and DAENERYS walk up to DROGON and RHAEGAL who are standing either side of a pile of bones. The dragons growl softly as they approach.
JON: What's wrong with them?
DAENERYS: They don't like the North.
She touches DROGON's nose and RHAEGAL looks at JON and gets close. DAENERYS climbs on DROGON's back and, smiling, nods towards RHAEGAL.
DAENERYS: Go on.
JON looks at the dragon, unsure as to what to do.
JON: I don't know how to ride a dragon.
DAENERYS: Nobody does. Until they ride a dragon.
JON: What if he doesn't want me to?
DAENERYS: Then I've enjoyed your company, Jon Snow.
Defeated, JON walks around the side of RHAEGAL and then climbs on top whilst grunting.
JON: What do I hold onto?
DAENERYS: Whatever you can.
JON grabs onto the dragon, which then proceeds to lift off whilst chittering. DAENERYS watches and smiles, before leaning forwards, cuing DROGON to follow suit. The dragons continue to fly higher, RHAEGAL turns side-to-side causing JON to yell out. They fly over the soldiers outside Winterfell and past TYRION, DAVOS and VARYS who are standing at the castle wall, staring in disbelief as they watch. DROGON flies ahead of RHAEGAL and continues higher before nosediving; RHAEGAL follows after his brother. They continue calmly before reaching a canyon, where the dragons dive straight down, before flying along the canyon floor. Once out of the canyon, RHAEGAL turns off, so DAENERYS instructs DROGON to do the same. She lands down next to JON. JON and DAENERYS, now dismounted from their dragons, walk together away from the dragons.
JON: You've completely ruined horses for me.
DAENERYS giggles and then notices a large waterfall, they stop.
DAENERYS: We could stay a thousand years-
She turns back to look at JON.
DAENERYS: No one would find us.
JON: We'd be pretty old.
DAENERYS chuckles and the two walk up to one another.
JON: It's cold up here for a southern girl.
DAENERYS: So keep your queen warm.
JON pulls her in and kisses her. The dragons start to growl softly causing JON to pull away.
DAENERYS: Don't be afraid.
They smile and continue their kiss in each other's embrace. JON opens his eyes to see DROGON staring at them.
GENDRY amongst other men occupy the forge, using the furnaces to create weapons from dragonglass
MAN 1: Gendry?
MAN 2: He's here.
GENDRY hears and grabs a large axe made from dragonglass. He hands it over to SANDOR.
GENDRY: It isn't easy making a blade that big with dragonglass.
SANDOR: You're saying you're good, is that it?
GENDRY: I'm just saying it's a tricky material to-
SANDOR: You know who makes weapons for the wildlings? Cripples and cocksuckers. Which one are you?
ARYA (O.S.): Leave him be.
GENDRY and SANDOR turn to see ARYA and stare at her.
SANDOR: I heard you were here. You left me to die.
ARYA: First I robbed you.
SANDOR stands up and walks over to her, not breaking eye-contact.
SANDOR: You're a cold little bitch, aren't you? Guess that's why you're still alive.
SANDOR exits and GENDRY walks up to ARYA.
ARYA: That was a nice ax you made for him. You've gotten better.
GENDRY: Yeah, thanks. So have you.
He pauses.
GENDRY: I mean, you look good.
ARYA: Thanks. So do you.
GENDRY pauses, he then walks away whilst still talking to her.
GENDRY: It's not a bad place to grow up, if it wasn't so cold.
ARYA follows.
ARYA: Stay close to that forge, then.
GENDRY: Is that a command, Lady Stark?
ARYA: Don't call me that.
GENDRY: As you wish, milady.
She smiles and chuckles.
ARYA: Here's my wish.
ARYA hands GENDRY a piece of parchment with a detachable spear drawn on it, with a dragonglass tip.
ARYA: Can you make it?
GENDRY: What do you need something like this for?
ARYA: Can you make it or not?
GENDRY: You already have a sword. What's that?
ARYA removes a Valyrian steel dagger from her person and hands it to him.
GENDRY: It's Valyrian steel. I always knew you were just another rich girl.
ARYA smirks and takes the dagger back.
ARYA: You don't know any other rich girls.
ARYA walks off before turning back and smiling and then back around again without breaking stride.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – SANSA'S QUARTERS
SANSA is reading a letter when there is a knock on the door.
SANSA: Come in.
The door creaks open and then shuts. JON walks in before stopping next to her. SANSA sighs.
SANSA: Lord Glover wishes us good fortune, but he's staying in Deepwood Motte with his men.
JON: "House Glover will stand behind House Stark as we have for a thousand years." Isn't that what he said?
SANSA: "I will stand behind Jon Snow," he said.
SANSA stands up and walks a bit before stopping and turning to look at him
SANSA: "The King in the North."
JON: I told you we needed allies.
SANSA: You didn't tell me you were going to abandon your crown.
JON: I never wanted a crown. All I wanted was to protect the North. I brought two armies home with me, two dragons.
SANSA: And a Targaryen queen.
JON sighs.
JON: Do you think we can beat the Army of the Dead without her? I fought them, Sansa. Twice. You want to worry about who holds what title, I'm telling you it doesn't matter. Without her, we don't stand a chance.
They fall silent and JON sighs.
JON: Do you have any faith in me at all?
SANSA: You know I do.
JON: She'll be a good queen. For all of us. She's not her father.
SANSA sighs.
SANSA: No, she's much prettier.
JON scoffs.
SANSA: Did you bend the knee to save the North or because you love her?
He looks up at her.
A door creaks open and then shuts as DAENERYS and JORAH enter the library. They walk to where SAMWELL TARLY sits and JORAH nods in his direction. DAENERYS clears her throat.
SAMWELL: Oh!
Startled, SAMWELL stands up and dusts himself off.
DAENERYS: So you're the man?
SAMWELL: Um. Which man am I, Your Grace?
DAENERYS: The one who saved Ser Jorah when no one else could.
JORAH: They could, they just wouldn't.
DAENERYS: I'll have to make some changes in the Citadel when I take my throne. A great service merits a great reward.
SAMWELL: Oh, it's my honor to serve you, Your Grace.
DAENERYS: Well, there must be something I could give you.
SAMWELL nods.
SAMWELL: If it's not too much trouble, I could use a pardon.
DAENERYS: For what crime?
SAMWELL: Um, I borrowed a few books from the Citadel.
JORAH and DAENERYS both smile to themselves.
SAMWELL: And also a sword.
DAENERYS looks at him, confused.
DAENERYS: From the Citadel?
SAMWELL: From my family. It's been in House Tarly for generations.
DAENERYS' face drops and she looks concerned.
SAMWELL: It would've been mine anyway, eventually, but my father had other ideas.
DAENERYS: Not Randyll Tarly?
SAMWELL: You know him?
He looks at her, surprised. JORAH looks guilty.
DAENERYS: I offered to let him retain his lands and titles if he bent the knee. He refused.
JORAH looks down as SAMWELL tried to hold it together. He gulps.
SAMWELL: Well At least I'll be allowed home again, now that my brother's the lord.
DAENERYS' face is stern.
DAENERYS: Your brother stood with your father.
SAMWELL's lips start quivering and his breathe becomes shaky.
DAENERYS: Of course.
SAMWELL exits quickly, and DAENERYS and JORAH look at each other.
SAMWELL heads outside before being startled by a horse carrying a wagon. He stops and sees BRAN staring at him from across the courtyard. He walks over.
SAMWELL: What are you doing out here?
BRAN: Waiting, for an old friend. It's time to tell Jon the truth.
SAMWELL shakes his head.
SAMWELL: No, no. You're his brother. Shouldn't you tell him?
BRAN: I'm not his brother. He trusts you more than anyone. Now's the time.
JON blows out a candle and stands back to look at his father, EDDARD STARK's, statue. He sighs and hears a man grunting and a thud. He walks around the corner to see SAMWELL stand up.
JON: Sam?
SAMWELL: I'm sorry, I know I'm not supposed to be down here.
JON grabs SAMWELL and hugs him tightly.
JON: Were you hiding from me?
SAMWELL: Of course not.
JON: What are you doing in Winterfell? Or did you read every book in the Citadel already?
He looks at SAMWELL's face and sees he is worried.
JON: What's wrong? Gilly? Is she all right?
SAMWELL: She's good.
JON: Little Sam?
SAMWELL: Don't you know?
JON: Know what?
SAMWELL: Daenerys. She executed my father and brother. They were her prisoners.
JON looks at SAMWELL, shocked at the news he was hearing.
SAMWELL: She didn't tell you.
JON: I'm so sorry. We need to end this war.
SAMWELL: Would you have done it?
JON: Well, I've executed men who disobeyed me.
SAMWELL: You've also spared men. Thousands of wildlings when they refused to kneel.
JON: I wasn't a king.
SAMWELL: But you were. You've always been.
JON: I gave up my crown, Sam.
JON starts walking away, SAMWELL follows.
JON: I bent the knee. I'm not King in the North anymore.
SAMWELL: I'm not talking about the King in the North. I'm talking about the King of the bloody Seven Kingdoms.
JON stops immediately, pauses and turns around.
SAMWELL: Bran and I worked it out. I had a High Septon's diary. Bran had whatever Bran has.
JON: What are you talking about?
SAMWELL: Your mother was Lyanna Stark.
JON exhales sharply.
JON walks up to SAMWELL:
JON: My father was the most honorable man I ever met. You're saying he lied to me all my life.
JON takes a couple of steps back whilst breathing heavily.
JON: Daenerys is our queen.
SAMWELL: She shouldn't be.
JON: That's treason.
SAMWELL: It's the truth. You gave up your crown to save your people. Would she do the same?
EDD: Stay back, he's got blue eyes!
TORMUND: I've always had blue eyes!
Everyone pauses and lowers their weapons.
BERIC: Did you find anyone?
EDD leads BERIC and TORMUND through a large hall, faintly illuminated by BERIC's ignited sword. When they reach the far wall there is a young boy impaled on the wall with several spirals of limbs surrounding him.
EDD: The Umber boy.
BERIC: It's a message. From the Night King.
TORMUND: His army's between us and Winterfell. We're on foot.
EDD: We rode down from Castle Black. We can double up on the horses.
TORMUND: If the horses last, we'll get there before the dead.
UMBER's eyes open.
TORMUND: We just have to hope the Night King doesn't come first-
UMBER starts shrieking, the three men start clamouring and BERIC shoves his sword in the boy, both igniting him and causing him to shriek even louder. The shrieking eventually stops, but not before the entire mosaic of appendages has been engulfed by flames.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL
The cloaked man rides the horse up to the stable and dismounts as men around shout indistinctly. He removes his hood and JAIME LANNISTER's face is revealed. He sighs and looks around the courtyard before BRAN catches his eye. JAIME stares at him in disbelief at the camera zooms in on BRAN's face.
CREDITS
JAIME LANNISTER stands in the Great Hall of Winterfell.
DAENERYS TARGARYEN: When I was a child, my brother would tell me a bedtime story about the man who murdered our father.
The camera cuts to a wide view of the hall and we see a multitude of guards placed around the room and the many who ally with House Stark. Sitting at the head of the room is DAENERYS in the centre of a long table; JON SNOW sits on her left and SANSA STARK on her right and JAIME is standing in the middle of the room facing DAENERYS. On the left of the room there is a shorter table where TYRION LANNISTER, LORD VARYS, MISSANDEI and JORAH MORMONT sit. On the right there is another table where DAVOS SEAWORTH, LYANNA MORMONT, LORD YOHN ROYCE, ALYS KARSTARK and BRIENNE OF TARTH sit
DAENERYS: Who stabbed him in the back and cut his throat. Who sat down on the Iron Throne and watched as his blood poured onto the floor.
JAIME’s eyes lowered.
DAENERYS: He told me other stories as well. About all the things we would do to that man once we took back the Seven Kingdoms and had him in our grasp.
She pauses.
DAENERYS: Your sister pledged to send her army north.
JAIME: She did.
DAENERYS: I don't see an army. I see one man, with one hand. It appears your sister lied to me.
TYRION looks up at his brother and JAIME looks back.
JAIME: She lied to me as well. She never had any intention of sending her army north.
DAENERYS turned her glare towards TYRION.
JAIME: She has Euron Greyjoy's fleet and 20,000 fresh troops. The Golden Company from Essos, bought and paid for. Even if we defeat the dead, she'll have more than enough to destroy the survivors.
DAENERYS: "We"?
JAIME: I promised to fight for the living. I intend to keep that promise.
TYRION steps forwards towards DAENERYS.
TYRION: Your Grace, I know my brother-
DAENERYS: Like you knew your sister?
TYRION: He came here alone, knowing full well how he'd be received. Why would he do that if he weren't telling the truth?
DAENERYS: Perhaps he trusts his little brother to defend him, right up to the moment he slits my throat.
TYRION looks to JON and SANSA.
SANSA: You're right. We can't trust him. He attacked my father in the streets. He tried to destroy my house and my family, the same as he did yours.
JAIME: Do you want me to apologize? I won't. We were at war. Everything I did, I did for my house and my family. I'd do it all again.
BRAN: The things we do for love.
DAENERYS, SANSA and JON all turn slowly to look at BRAN who sits to the side of SANSA. JAIME looks at him and BRAN maintains eye-contact.
DAENERYS: So why have you abandoned your house and family now?
JAIME: Because this goes beyond loyalty.
He looks around to see BRIENNE, then turns back.
JAIME: This is about survival.
TYRION turns to look at DAENERYS. BRIENNE then stands up.
BRIENNE: You don't know me well, Your Grace.
She walks from behind her table to stand in the middle of the Hall beside JAIME.
BRIENNE: But I know Ser Jaime. He is a man of honor. I was his captor once. But when we were both taken prisoner and the men holding us tried to force themselves on me, Ser Jaime defended me. And lost his hand because of it.
She then addresses SANSA.
BRIENNE: Without him, my lady, you would not be alive. He armed me, armored me, and sent me to find you and bring you home because he'd sworn an oath to your mother.
SANSA looks down and then back up at BRIENNE.
SANSA: You vouch for him?
BRIENNE: I do.
SANSA: You would fight beside him?
BRIENNE: I would.
SANSA: I trust you with my life. If you trust him with yours, we should let him stay.
DAENERYS: What does the Warden of the North say about it?
She turns to JON who sighs.
JON: We need every man we can get.
The room falls silent as DAENERYS thinks to herself.
DAENERYS: Very well.
TYRION exhales sharply in relief. GREY WORM picks up JAIME’s sword, walks over to him, handing it over aggressively.
JAIME: Thank you, Your Grace.
DAENERYS stands up and the rest of the room does as she does. SANSA exits. DAENERYS turns to JON who exits after his sister. DAENERYS then exits followed by TYRION, VARYS, JORAH and MISSANDEI. JAIME then catches BRIENNE’s eye as she leaves and then he ends up looking at BRAN again who mimics his stare.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – HALLWAY
DAENERYS walks along the hallway outside the hall followed by TYRION, VARYS and JORAH.
DAENERYS: Either you knew Cersei was lying and let me believe otherwise, or you didn't know at all. Which makes you either a traitor or a fool.
TYRION: I was a fool.
DAENERYS: Not for the first time.
DAENERYS stops walking and turns to TYRION.
DAENERYS: Cersei still sits on the throne. If you can't help me take it back, I'll find another Hand who can.
DAENERYS exits. TYRION turns to VARYS and JORAH.
TYRION: I suspect one of you will be wearing this before it's all over.
Men chatter indistinctly as they forge the weapons. GENDRY walks into frame, dumping dragonglass out of a bucket. He then walks up to furnace and pulls out some dragonglass, moulding it and then dousing it in a bucket of water. ARYA STARK walks towards him. As the steam rises from the bucket she catches his eye.
GENDRY: Don't you have something better to do?
ARYA: You make my weapon yet?
GENDRY: Just as soon as I'm done making a few thousand of these.
GENDRY hands her a small axe with a blade made of dragonglass.
ARYA: You should make mine first. And make sure it's stronger than this.
GENDRY grabs the axe and brings it down harshly on a wooden stump.
GENDRY: It's strong enough.
GENDRY moves to a pile of dragonglass spearheads and checks on it, ARYA follows.
GENDRY: It's going to be safer down in the crypt, you know.
ARYA: Are you going to be down in the crypt?
GENDRY: No, but-
ARYA: But you're a fighter.
He glances up at her.
GENDRY: I've done my share.
ARYA: You've fought them?
GENDRY: I did. Some of them.
ARYA: How many?
GENDRY: A few. That was enough.
ARYA: What are they like?
GENDRY: Bad. Really bad.
ARYA: "Really bad"?
She walks behind him and around the other side of the table so she is facing him.
ARYA: Even a smith's apprentice can do better than "really bad." What do they look like? What do they smell like? How do they move? How hard are they to kill?
GENDRY: Look, I know you want to fight. And I know you're not scared of rapers or murderers or-This is different. This is-This is death. You want to know what they're like? Death. That's what they're like.
ARYA picks up one of the spearheads, turning it in her hand.
ARYA: I know Death.
She throws the spearhead, narrowly missing a blacksmith’s head. GENDRY exhales, staring in disbelief at the dragonglass impaled on the wooden beam.
ARYA: He's got many faces.
She tosses another landing next to the first. The blacksmith quickly runs away. GENDRY slowly turns back to ARYA who picks up a third spearhead.
ARYA: I look forward to seeing this one.
She throws it and it lands with the first two. GENDRY chuckles to himself and ARYA walks back round the table and past GENDRY.
ARYA: My weapon?
GENDRY: I'll get right on it.
ARYA walks off as GENDRY watches. He smirks to himself.
The camera pans from behind a tree to show BRAN sitting in his wheelchair facing the weirwood tree. JAIME walks towards him. He stops a couple feet from him and looks down.
JAIME: I'm sorry for what I did to you.
BRAN turns his head towards JAIME.
BRAN: You weren't sorry then. You were protecting your family.
JAIME walks around in front of BRAN.
JAIME: I'm not that person anymore.
BRAN: You still would be, if you hadn't pushed me out of that window. And I would still be Brandon Stark.
JAIME: You're not?
BRAN: No. I'm something else now.
JAIME: You're not angry at me.
BRAN: I'm not angry at anyone.
JAIME: Why didn't you tell them?
BRAN: You won't be able to help us in this fight if I let them murder you first.
JAIME nods and raises an eyebrow.
JAIME: What about afterwards?
BRAN: How do you know there is an afterwards?
JAIME stares at BRAN.
All of the northerners are busy building defences in preparation for the army of the dead as TYRION walks past. JAIME approaches him.
TYRION: Well, here we are.
JAIME: Yes, here we are.
TYRION: Together again.
A man standing above them clears his throat and then spits on the floor beside them.
TYRION: And the masses rejoice.
JAIME: How do they feel about their new queen?
TYRION: She's your new queen too.
They start walking together.
TYRION: They remember what happened the last time Targaryens brought dragons north. They'll come around once they see Daenerys is different.
JAIME: And she is? Different?
TYRION: She is.
JAIME: You're sure about her?
TYRION: I am.
JAIME: She didn't seem sure about you.
TYRION: It's hard to blame her. I made a mistake common to clever people. I underestimated my opponents.
JAIME: Hmm.
TYRION: Cersei told me the pregnancy had changed her. A chance for you both to start again. And I believed her.
They stop walking and TYRION turns to look up at JAIME.
TYRION: Was she lying about the baby too?
JAIME: No, that part is real.
TYRION thinks to himself and they both start walking again.
JAIME: She's always been good at using the truth to tell lies. I wouldn't be too hard on yourself. She's fooled me more than anybody.
They start to walk up a staircase and TYRION turns to look at JAIME.
JAIME: What?
TYRION: She never fooled you. You always knew exactly what she was, and you loved her anyway.
TYRION walks ahead as JAIME remains in the same spot. After a couple seconds, he follows. They both walk along the walls of castle looking over the courtyard.
TYRION: So we're going to die at Winterfell. Not the death I would've chosen. I always pictured myself dying in my own bed, the age of 80, with a belly full of wine and-
BOTH: A girl's mouth around-
JAIME: Your cock.
TYRION: My cock.
TYRION smiles up at JAIME.
TYRION: At least Cersei won't get to murder me. I'm sure I'll feel some satisfaction denying her that pleasure while I'm being ripped apart by dead men.
JAIME notices something whilst TYRION continues to talk and walks off.
TYRION: Maybe after I'm dead I'll march down to King's Landing and rip her apart.
TYRION glances up where JAIME was and notices he is gone, he looks behind to see JAIME looking over the wall. The camera cuts to show BRIENNE walking outside the walls among the Unsullied.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – OUTSIDE FRONT GATE
GREY WORM is seen testing out the traps around the castle as other Unsullied and northerners work around him. JAIME walks out the front gate. We see PODRICK PAYNE training with a soldier as BRIENNE watches on, smiling proudly. JAIME stands next to her and she glances at him.
BRIENNE: Ser Jaime.
JAIME: Lady Brienne.
PODRICK blocks the soldier and pushes him back, bettering him. They continue to fight with their swords.
JAIME: He's come a long way.
BRIENNE: He's all right. Still has a lot to learn.
BRIENNE starts walking away and JAIME follows.
JAIME: I'm sure you'll teach him. I've been told you're commanding the left flank.
BRIENNE: I am. It's, uh-It's good ground.
JAIME: It is.
BRIENNE: The rise, it should give us some advantage.
They stop walking.
BRIENNE: If we can keep a tight formation, we might be able to beat them back.
JAIME: Yes, I think you're right.
BRIENNE quickly turns to face JAIME.
BRIENNE: What are you doing?
JAIME: What?
BRIENNE: I think you know.
JAIME: I truly don't.
BRIENNE: We have never had a conversation last this long without you insulting me. Not once.
JAIME: You want me to insult you?
BRIENNE: No!
JAIME: Good.
He pauses.
JAIME: I came to Winterfell because-I'm not the fighter I used to be. But I'd be honored to serve under your command, if you'll have me.
BRIENNE goes silent and looks down briefly. She returns his gaze.
BRIENNE: I better get back.
BRIENNE walks off, leaving JAIME standing alone.
DAENERYS’ door opens and JORAH walks in.
JORAH: Forgive me, khaleesi.
DAENERYS: Have you done something to offend me?
JORAH: Many things.
DAENERYS: Long ago and long forgiven.
JORAH: But you did forgive, despite my failures. When I heard you'd named Tyrion your Hand, it broke my heart.
DAENERYS: When I named him Hand, I didn't know if I'd ever see you again.
JORAH: You made the right choice.
DAENERYS: I wasn't under the impression you liked him very much.
JORAH: I didn't. His mouth hardly stopped moving between Volantis and Meereen. It was all I could do not to throw him in the sea.
JORAH chuckles.
JORAH: But the mind behind all those words-
DAENERYS: He's made mistakes. Serious mistakes.
JORAH: As have we all. He owns his and learns from them.
DAENERYS: You're advising me to forgive the man who stole your position?
JORAH: I am. And one other suggestion, if you'll allow me.
DAENERYS walks into the library.
ROYCE: The moment we can get the last infantryman out onto the field, we should shut the gates.
The camera pans to show ROYCE and SANSA sitting at a table together.
SANSA: Keep them open for as long as you can. There are still people coming in from the countryside.
They both notice DAENERYS’ presence and stand up.
DAENERYS: Lady Sansa, I was hoping we could speak alone.
ROYCE looks at SANSA who nods, granting him leave. ROYCE walks towards DAENERYS, bows and then exits. DAENERYS turns to watch him leave before turning back.
DAENERYS: I thought you and I were on the verge of agreement before. About Ser Jaime.
SANSA: Brienne has been loyal to me, always. I trust her more than anyone.
DAENERYS: I wish I could have that kind of faith in my advisors.
SANSA: Tyrion is a good man. He was never anything but decent towards me.
DAENERYS: I didn't ask him to be my Hand simply because he was good.
She starts walking towards SANSA.
DAENERYS: I asked him to be my Hand because he was good, and intelligent, and ruthless when he had to be. He never should have trusted Cersei.
SANSA: You never should have either.
DAENERYS: I thought he knew his sister.
SANSA: Families are complicated.
DAENERYS: Ours certainly have been.
They both sit down in the seats SANSA and ROYCE were previously occupying.
SANSA: A sad thing to have in common.
DAENERYS: We have other things in common. We've both known what it means to lead people who aren't inclined to accept a woman's rule. And we've both done a damn good job of it, from what I can tell.
SANSA returns her uneasy smile.
DAENERYS: And yet, I can't help but feel we're at odds with one another. Why is that? Your brother.
SANSA: He loves you, you know that.
DAENERYS: That bothers you.
SANSA: Men do stupid things for women. They're easily manipulated.
DAENERYS: All my life, I've known one goal: the Iron Throne. Taking it back from the people who destroyed my family, and almost destroyed yours. My war was against them. Until I met Jon. Now I'm here, half a world away, fighting Jon's war alongside him. Tell me, who manipulated whom?
SANSA scoffs; she then leans forward and places her hand on DAENERYS’ hand.
SANSA: I should have thanked you the moment you arrived. That was a mistake.
DAENERYS places her other hand on top of SANSA’s.
DAENERYS: I'm here because I love your brother and I trust him, and I know he's true to his word. He's only the second man in my life I can say that about.
SANSA: Who was the first?
DAENERYS: Someone taller.
They both chuckle with one another.
SANSA: And what happens afterwards? We defeat the dead, we destroy Cersei. What happens then?
DAENERYS: I take the Iron Throne.
SANSA: What about the North? It was taken from us, and we took it back. And we said we'd never bow to anyone else again. What about the North?
DAENERYS removes her hand and looks away from SANSA. MAESTER WOLKAN enters the library.
WOLKAN: Apologies, my lady. Your Grace.
DAENERYS turns in her seat, agitated.
DAENERYS: What is it?
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – GREAT HALL
WOLKAN leads DAENERYS and SANSA into the great hall, where we see THEON GREYJOY standing in the centre of the hall surrounded by many of the Ironborn. DAENERYS looks shocked, THEON walks up to her and bends his knee.
THEON: My queen.
DAENERYS: Your sister?
THEON: She only has a few ships, and she couldn't sail them here. So, she's sailing to the Iron Islands instead, to take them back in your name.
DAENERYS: But why aren't you with her?
THEON looks at SANSA.
THEON: I want to fight for Winterfell, Lady Sansa, if you'll have me.
SANSA walks up to THEON quickly and hugs him tightly. THEON hugs back.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – COURTYARD
Many northerners wait in line to be served food. DAVOS is filling the bowls.
MAN: Milord, we're not soldiers.
DAVOS: You are now. Look, I made it through most of my years without ever getting near a fight, but then I survived the Battle of the Bastards. Right outside these walls. If I can live through that, you can live through this. They'll outfit you with weapons at the forge. Right that way.
MAN: Thank you.
He nods towards DAVOS and walks off with his bowl.
GILLY: When the time comes, you'll be down in the crypts.
The camera pans to show GILLY leading a young woman and an older couple, showing them where they will stay during the battle.
GILLY: They're the safest place to be. Through that archway right over there.
WOMAN: Thank you.
TEELA, a young girl, walks up to where the food is being served and holds her bowl up. DAVOS has his back turned.
TEELA: Which way should I go?
DAVOS turns back around and looks at her.
DAVOS: Which way do you want to go?
TEELA: All the children will be going below when the time comes.
GILLY overhears the conversation and starts to walk over.
TEELA: But both me brothers were soldiers. I want to fight too.
DAVOS takes her bowl and fills it up as GILLY sits down next to her.
GILLY: That's good to hear. I'm going to be in the crypt with my son, and I'd feel a lot better with you down there to protect us.
DAVOS: I'm sure a lot of people would.
He hands her bowl back to her.
TEELA: All right. I'll defend the crypt, then.
TEELA walks off and DAVOS smiles at GILLY. A horn is then blared and the gates are opened as the remaining members of the nights watch return with TORMUND GIANTSBANE and BERIC DONDARRION. SAMWELL TARLY greets DOLOROUS EDD who has just returned. JON sees them and quickly heads over. Before he can embrace EDD, TORMUND hugs him first.
TORMUND: My little crow.
JON: I thought we'd lost you.
TORMUND: Almost.
JON turns to hug EDD. He then turn to BERIC and shakes his hand.
JON: How did you find each other?
EDD: We met up at the Last Hearth.
TORMUND: The dead got there first.
JON: The Umbers?
BERIC: Fighting for the Night King now.
TORMUND: We had to travel around them to get here. Whoever's not here now is with them.
JON: How long do we have?
TORMUND: Before the sun comes up tomorrow.
JON looks at SAMWELL with a concerned look. TORMUND looks back over his shoulder, surveying his surroundings.
TORMUND: The big woman still here?
Northern soldiers jog around the walls of Winterfell
JON (V.O.): They're coming.
Men are removing dragonglass weapons from carriages and handing to soldier. The camera pans and GENDRY lifts a dragonglass axe up and hands it to a man.
JON (V.O.): We have dragonglass and Valyrian steel.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – OUTSIDE FRONT GATE
The Unsullied pull ropes, causing a large boulder to be thrown into the air by a large trebuchet. More soldiers march out of the gates of Winterfell.
JON(V.O.): But there are too many of them.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – BATTLEMENTS
Archers walk up to the edge of the battlements with their bow and arrows. We see a man stretch the bow string
JON (V.O.): Far too many.
A horse neighs and the man looks up over the wall.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – FRONT GATE
The Dothraki ride along the outside of the wall as the camera pans past the trench of spikes used to defend from the Army of the Dead.
JON (V.O.): Our enemy doesn't tire.
The camera moves farther down until it reaches a gap in the trench outside the gate, the Dothraki ride through the center as Unsullied soldiers emerge from the gate.
JON (V.O.): Doesn't stop. Doesn't feel.
In the library, a large table has a map of Winterfell laid out over it, with various markers placed outside the castle. The Unsullied are organized in three groups in the middle outside the front of the. To either side of the Unsullied are markers representing the Northerners and in front are the Dothraki. Facing towards all these troops are markers representing the Army of the Dead, these markers far outnumber the allies of Winterfell. Standing around the table (clockwise) is SANSA, JON, ARYA, SAMWELL, THEON, ALYS, BRIENNE, JAIME, BERIC, TORMUND, DAVOS, LYANNA, ROYCE, QHONO, GREY WORM, VARYS, DAENERYS, JORAH and TYRION. BRAN is seated behind JON.
JON: We can't beat them in a straight fight.
JAIME: So, what can we do?
JON: The Night King made them all. They follow his command. If he falls Getting to him may be our best chance.
JAIME: If that's true, he'll never expose himself.
BRAN: Yes, he will.
Everyone in the room turns to look at Bran.
BRAN: He'll come for me. He's tried before, many times, with many Three-Eyed Ravens.
SAMWELL: Why? What does he want?
BRAN: An endless night. He wants to erase this world, and I am its memory.
SAMWELL: That's what death is, isn't it? Forgetting. Being forgotten. If we forget where we've been and what we've done, we're not men anymore. Just animals. Your memories don't come from books. Your stories aren't just stories. If I wanted to erase the world of men, I'd start with you.
TYRION: How will he find you?
BRAN: His mark is on me.
BRAN lifts the cuff of his right arm, revealing a red mark in the shape of a hand.
BRAN: He always knows where I am.
JON: We'll put you in the crypt, where it's safest.
BRAN: No. We need to lure him into the open before his army destroys us all. I'll wait for him in the Godswood.
The camera pans over the map of Winterfell, to the East, yet still within the walls, is the Godswood.
SANSA: You want us to use you as bait?
ARYA: We're not leaving you alone out there.
THEON: He won't be. I'll stay with him. With the Ironborn. I took this castle from you. Let me defend you now.
DAVOS: We'll hold off the rest of them for as long as we can.
TYRION: When the time comes, Ser Davos and I will be on the walls, to give you the signal to light the trench.
DAENERYS: Ser Davos is perfectly capable of waving a torch on his own. You'll be in the crypt.
TYRION looks shocked and turns to her.
TYRION: Your Grace, I have fought before, I can do it again. Alongside the men and women risking their lives.
DAENERYS: There are thousands of them and only one of you. You can't fight as well as they can, but you can think better than any of them. You're here because of your mind. If we survive, I'll need it.
TYRION nods.
DAVOS: The dragons should give us an edge in the field.
JON: If they're in the field, they're not protecting Bran. We need to be near him. Not too near, or the Night King won't come. But close enough to pursue him when he does.
ARYA: Dragonfire will stop him?
BRAN: I don't know. No one's ever tried.
TORMUND: We're all going to die.
He turns to look at BRIENNE.
TORMUND: But at least we die together.
JON: Let's get some rest.
Everyone begins to leave the library as JON and DAENERYS remain at the table.
JON: Your Grace.
JON then exits along with almost everyone else. Only TYRION and BRAN remain.
TYRION: Do you need help?
BRAN: No.
TYRION: You've had a strange journey.
BRAN: Stranger than most.
TYRION: I'd like to hear about it.
TYRION grabs a wooden chair and drags it over next to BRAN.
BRAN: It's a long story.
TYRION sits in the chair.
TYRION: If only we were trapped in a castle in the middle of winter, with nowhere to go.
Unsullied soldiers clean their weapons as GREY WORM walks past. MISSANDEI walks into the courtyard and sees two young girls.
MISSANDEI: Hello.
The girls quickly grab one another’s hands and run off. GREY WORM stands behind her as she turns around to face him. GREY WORM walks up to her.
GREY WORM: When Daenerys takes her throne there will be no place for us here. I am loyal to my queen. I will fight for her until her enemies are defeated, but when the war is over and she has won, do you want to grow old in this place? Is there nothing else you want to do, nothing else you want to see?
MISSANDEI: Naath. I'd like to see the beaches again.
GREY WORM: Then I will take you there.
MISSANDEI: My people are peaceful. We cannot protect ourselves.
GREY WORM: My people are not peaceful. We will protect you.
The camera pans up over the wall and SAMWELL and JON stand next to each other with GHOST, JON’s direwolf, behind them. SAMWELL leans over slightly towards JON.
SAMWELL: Have you told her yet?
JON: No.
SAMWELL: Mm-hmm. Being careful. Biding your time. Waiting for the perfect-
He pauses and they both look at each other and fall silent. EDD walks up the stair behind them and stands between them.
EDD: And now our watch begins.
JON: Gilly? Little Sam?
SAMWELL: They'll be safe down in the crypt.
JON: If you want to join them.
SAMWELL looks at him and frowns.
JON: To protect them.
SAMWELL: Everyone seems to forget that I was the first man to kill a White Walker. I've killed Thenns.
EDD: Thenn.
SAMWELL: I've saved Gilly more than once. I stole a considerable number of books from the Citadel library, survived the Fist of the First Men. You need me out there.
EDD: Well, if that's what it's come to, we really are fucked.
SAMWELL: Well, calling you "fucked" wouldn't be strictly accurate.
SAMWELL chuckles and EDD looks at him. He turns to see JON laughing too.
EDD: Samwell Tarly. Slayer of White Walkers. Lover of Ladies. As if we needed any more signs the world was ending.
SAMWELL sighs.
SAMWELL: Think back to where we started. Us, Grenn, Pyp.
JON: Now it's just us three.
EDD: Last man left, burn the rest of us.
The camera rises over the wall and the silhouette of the trees in the distance block the light slowly fading over the horizon.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – GREAT HALL
The fire in the hearth of the hall is lit. Two wooden chairs sit facing it, occupied by JAIME to the left of the fire and TYRION to the right. They both sip on wine.
TYRION: I wish Father were here.
JAIME looks at TYRION in shock.
TYRION: I would love to see the look on his face when he realizes his two sons are about to die defending Winterfell.
JAIME snorts.
JAIME: That would be something to see.
TYRION: I remember the first time we were here, the first time I saw this hall.
JAIME: Mm.
TYRION: You were a golden lion. I was a drunken whore-monger. It was all so simple.
JAIME: It wasn't so simple. I was sleeping with my sister and you had one friend in the world who was sleeping with his sister.
TYRION: I was speaking in relative terms.
JAIME: Do you miss it?
TYRION: Of course I miss it.
JAIME: Well, my golden-lion days are done, but whore-mongering is still an option for you.
TYRION sighs
TYRION: It's not. Things would be easier if it were.
TYRION raises his cup to toast.
TYRION: The perils of self-betterment.
JAIME raises his and they both go to drink. JAIME stops himself when the door to the hall opens and BRIENNE and PODRICK walk in. JAIME stands up quickly and they both turn to look at the visitors.
JAIME: Oh! My lady.
BRIENNE: Oh, we didn't mean to interrupt. We were just looking for somewhere warm to-
TYRION: To contemplate your imminent death. You've come to the right place. You want some of this piss? It's not bad. It's not good either.
TYRION walks over to where the wine is kept, PODRICK starts to walk to him.
PODRICK: Thank you, milord.
BRIENNE: I don't think that's wise.
PODRICK turns back to BRIENNE.
BRIENNE: The battle might start at any moment.
She pauses.
BRIENNE: Half cup.
TYRION: And you?
TYRION continues to pour PODRICK’s drink until the cup overflows with wine.
BRIENNE: No, thank you. I should try and get some sleep.
JAIME: You really think any of us are going to sleep tonight? Join us.
JAIME places another chair in front of the fire.
BRIENNE: All right. Just a bit.
TYRION pours BRIENNE a drink and hands it to her as she sits down. PODRICK grabs a chair and brings it over and sits down. DAVOS and TORMUND enter the hall.
DAVOS: Well, what do we have here?
TYRION: Ser Davos, join us.
DAVOS: No, not for me, thanks. Came here for this.
DAVOS stands in front of the fire to warm up.
DAVOS: I figured I could wait to die freezing my balls off out there or wait to die nice and warm in here.
TORMUND walks up to BRIENNE and stands in front of her.
TORMUND: It could be our last night in this world, you know.
JAIME, now sitting down next to BRIENNE, glances up.
BRIENNE: Yes, well, I'm glad you're here.
She pauses and quickly tries to recover.
BRIENNE: Here fighting with us. Glad you survived Eastwatch.
TYRION: Would you like a drink?
TORMUND turns to TYRION and raises his drinking horn.
TORMUND: Brought my own.
TORMUND looks at JAIME, over to BRIENNE, and then back to JAIME again.
TORMUND: They call you "King Killer."
JAIME: I'm sure someone does.
TORMUND: They call me "Giantsbane." Want to know why?
JAIME sighs and looks over at TYRION who is still standing to the side of the room with his wine. TORMUND grabs a wooden chair and places it with his back to the fire so that he is facing JAIME and BRIENNE. He sits down and leans forwards.
TORMUND: I killed a giant when I was 10. Then I climbed right into bed with his wife.
DAVOS glances at TORMUND, clearly perplexed.
TORMUND: When she woke up, you know what she did? Suckled me at her teat for three months. Thought I was her baby. That's how I got so strong. Giant's milk.
TORMUND raises the horn to his mouth and starts drinking from it whilst gulping noisily. Everyone stares at him as the drink pours out the horn, mostly down his front.
DAVOS: Maybe I will have that drink.
SANDOR “THE HOUND” CLEGANE sits with back against the battlements drinking alone. ARYA walks up to him and he notices her. She walks closer and SANDOR silently offers the drink. ARYA sits down next to SANDOR and takes a swig. They sit silently staring ahead.
SANDOR: You never used to shut up. Now you're just sitting there like a mute.
ARYA: Guess I've changed.
She pauses.
ARYA: What are you doing up here?
SANDOR: What's it look like?
ARYA: No, I mean, what are you doing up here? You joined the Brotherhood. You went beyond the Wall with Jon. You're here now. Why? When was the last time you fought for anyone but yourself?
SANDOR turns to her.
SANDOR: I fought for you, didn't I?
BERIC walks up to the two of them and stops in front of them.
SANDOR: Oh, for fuck's sake. May as well be at a bloody wedding.
BERIC smiles. He turns to look at ARYA.
BERIC: My lady. It's good to see you again. I'm sorry we parted the way we did.
SANDOR turns to ARYA.
SANDOR: Was he on your list?
ARYA: For a little while.
BERIC: That's all right.
BERIC sits down on a barrel opposite the two.
BERIC: The Lord of Light has brought us together all the same. This is his moment. When light-
SANDOR: Thoros isn't here anymore, so I hope you're not about to give a sermon. Because if you are, the Lord of Light's gonna wonder why he brought you back 19 times just to watch you die when I chuck you over this fucking wall.
He points to the wall he’s leaning against. BERIC chuckles and holds his hand out. SANDOR passes him the drink. ARYA stands up and starts walking away from them.
SANDOR: Where are you going?
ARYA turns around to look at them.
ARYA: I'm not spending my final hours with you two miserable old shits.
ARYA exits and SANDOR and BERIC sit in silence.
A bowstring creaks as an arrow is fired. It hits its target next to two other arrows previously shot. The camera cuts to see ARYA holding a large bow in a dimly lit hallway. She lowers it and picks up another arrow. GENDRY watches from a doorway. She fires another arrow and turns as GENDRY walks up to her.
ARYA: That for me?
GENDRY raises a spear with a dragonglass head. ARYA lays down her bow and takes the spear.
ARYA: This'll work.
GENDRY: Last time you saw me, you wanted me to come to Winterfell. Took the long road, but…
ARYA: What did the Red Woman want with you?
GENDRY: She wanted my blood for some kind of spell.
ARYA: Why your blood?
GENDRY: I'm Robert Baratheon's bastard. I didn't know until she told me. Then she tied me up, stripped me down, put leeches all over me.
ARYA: Was that your first time?
GENDRY: No, yeah, I've never had leeches put all over my cock.
ARYA: Your first time with a woman.
GENDRY: What? I-I didn't-I wasn't with her.
ARYA: Were you with other girls before that in King's Landing?
GENDRY scoffs.
ARYA: Or after?
GENDRY stammers indistinctly.
ARYA: You don't remember?
GENDRY scoffs.
GENDRY: Yes, I was.
ARYA: One? Two? Twenty?
GENDRY: Well, I didn't keep count.
ARYA: Yes, you did.
GENDRY sighs.
GENDRY: Three.
ARYA pauses and walks up to him.
ARYA: We're probably going to die soon. I want to know what it's like before that happens.
GENDRY: Arya, I-
ARYA inhales sharply as she pulls GENDRY in and starts kissing him. They start undressing themselves and each other whilst still kissing. She pushes GENDRY back onto a pile of bags as she takes off her top. GENDRY, who is still just wearing his pants, notices a couple scars on ARYA’s side.
ARYA: I'm not the Red Woman. Take your own bloody pants off.
She pulls her own pants off and climbs on top of GENDRY and starts kissing him.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – GREAT HALL
The fire is still lit and the people who were in there earlier still sit there. Opposite the fire sits (from left to right) TORMUND, BRIENNE, JAIME, DAVOS, TYRION and PODRICK. They sit in silence before TYRION breaks it.
TYRION: It's strange, isn't it? Almost everyone here's fought the Starks at one time or another. And here we are in their castle, ready to defend it. Together.
BRIENNE: At least we'll die with honor.
TYRION: I think we might live.
DAVOS and PODRICK both start laughing.
TYRION: I-I do. How many battles have we survived between us? Ser Davos Seaworth. Survivor of both the Blackwater and the Battle of the Bastards.
DAVOS: All without a shred of combat ability.
TYRION: Mm. Ser Jaime Lannister, fabled hero of the Siege of Pyke.
JAIME: Fabled loser of the Battle of Whispering Wood.
JAIME stands up to get himself another drink.
TYRION: Hear, hear! Ser Brienne of Tarth. Defeated the Hound in-Pardon me, Lady Brienne.
TORMUND: She's not a ser? You're not a knight?
BRIENNE: Women can't be knights.
TORMUND: Why not?
BRIENNE: Tradition.
TORMUND: Fuck tradition.
BRIENNE: I don't even want to be a knight.
PODRICK looks at her, slightly confused. BRIENNE ignores him.
TORMUND: I'm no king. But if I were, I'd knight you 10 times over.
JAIME: You don't need a king. Any knight can make another knight.
JAIME places his cup on the table where the wine is kept.
JAIME: I'll prove it.
JAIME unsheathes his sword and stands in the middle of the room and holds his sword out.
JAIME: Kneel, Lady Brienne.
BRIENNE scoffs.
JAIME: Do you want to be a knight or not? Kneel.
BRIENNE looks at PODRICK who nods. She stands up, walks to the middle of the room opposite JAIME and kneels before him. PODRICK and DAVOS both turn in their seats to see and TYRION and TORMUND both stand. JAIME places the sword on her right shoulder.
JAIME: In the name of the Warrior, I charge you to be brave.
He raises it over her head and places it on her left shoulder.
JAIME: In the name of the Father, I charge you to be just.
He raises the sword and places it on her right shoulder again.
JAIME: In the name of the Mother, I charge you to defend the innocent.
He lowers the sword to his side.
JAIME: Arise, Brienne of Tarth a knight of the Seven Kingdoms.
BRIENNE smiles as she stands up and the rest of the room all applaud.
TYRION: Ser Brienne of Tarth! Knight of the Seven Kingdoms!
BRIENNE smiles ecstatically.
SAMWELL is walking down the stairs from the battlements
JORAH (O.S.): We have all we need to win this war.
LYANNA (O.S.): I have trained my men, women and children. I have fought before. I can fight again.
JORAH (O.S.): Please, listen to me. You're the future of our house.
SAMWELL notices the two talking down in the courtyard and starts to walk towards them.
LYANNA: I don't need you to remind me of that.
JORAH: You'll be safer in the crypt. These things we're fighting-
We now see JORAH and LYANNA up close.
LYANNA: I will not hide underground. I pledged to fight for the North, and I will fight.
LYANNA turns around to see SAMWELL facing them both
SAMWELL: Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-
LYANN: It's all right. We're done here.
LYANNA starts to walk off but stops and turns back to JORAH.
LYANNA: I wish you good fortune, cousin.
JORAH: Thank you, my lady.
LYANNA exits and SAMWELL walks closer to JORAH.
JORAH: What have you got there?
SAMWELL raises his sword.
SAMWELL: It's called Heartsbane. It's my family sword.
JORAH: You still have a family.
SAMWELL: Yes. And I'd love to defend them with it. But I can't really hold it upright. Your father, he taught me how to be a man. How to do what's right. This is right. It's Valyrian steel. I'd be honored if you'd take it.
He hands JORAH the sword and JORAH removes it from its sheath slightly to examine it.
JORAH: I'll wield it in his memory to guard the realms of men.
SAMWELL: I'll see you when it's through.
SAMWELL walks off but stops several feet away and turns back to JORAH.
SAMWELL: I hope we win.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – GREAT HALL
Everyone sits around the fire still but DAVOS is standing next to where the wine is.
JAIME: We'd better get some rest.
TYRION: No, let's stay a bit longer.
DAVOS: We're out of wine.
DAVOS sits back down.
TYRION: How about a song? One of you must know one. Ser Davos?
DAVOS: You'll pray for a quick death.
TYRION chuckles.
TYRION: Ser Brienne?
BRIENNE shakes her head. TYRION turns to TORMUND who shakes his head too.
TORMUND: Mm-mm.
TYRION: Mmm.
PODRICK starts singing “Jenny of Oldstones”.
PODRICK: High in the halls of the kings who are gone, Jenny would dance with her ghosts, the ones she had lost and the ones she had found and the ones who had loved her the most.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – SAMWELL’S QUARTERS
As PODRICK continues to sing, SAMWELL and GILLY lay in bed with LITTLE SAME between them.
PODRICK (V.O.): The ones who'd been gone for so very long.
The camera pans down to show SANSA and THEON sitting opposite each other. PODRICK's singing continues.
PODRICK (V.O.): She couldn't remember their names. They spun her around on the damp old stones.
The camera pans and we see GENDRY sleeping on the pile of bags and ARYA lays next to him with her eyes open. PODRICK’s singing continues.
PODRICK (V.O.): Spun away all her sorrow and pain. And she never wanted to leave
The Unsullied start walking out of the courtyard as MISSANDEI and GREY WORM walk together before he stops her, turns to her, and kisses her. He then turns to leave with the Unsullied and MISSANDEI watches as he leaves. PODRICK’s singing continues.
PODRICK (V.O.): Never wanted to leave. Never wanted to leave. Never wanted to leave.
CUT TO: WINTERFELL – OUTSIDE FRONT GATE
Everyone gathers outside the castle as they prepare for battle. JORAH rides on his horse and gazes at the horizon to see only darkness. PODRICK’s singing continues.
PODRICK (V.O.): Never wanted to leave. Never wanted to leave.
DAENERYS turns a corner as she sees JON staring at a statute of his biological mother, LYANNA STARK. She walks up to him. He glances at her and smiles as she walks closer. She holds his arm as they both look at the statute together.
DAENERYS: Who's that?
JON: Lyanna Stark.
DAENERYS looks troubled.
DAENERYS: My brother, Rhaegar, everyone told me he was decent and kind. He liked to sing. Gave money to poor children. And he raped her.
JON: He didn't. He loved her.
JON turns to face DAENERYS.
JON: They were married in secret. After Rhaegar fell on the Trident, she had a son. Robert would have murdered the baby if he ever found out, and Lyanna knew it. So the last thing she did, as she bled to death on her birthing bed, was give the boy to her brother, Ned Stark, to raise as his bastard.
DAENERYS starts to look at him, slightly concerned.
JON: My name. My real name is Aegon Targaryen.
DAENERYS exhales sharply as she pulls away.
DAENERYS: That's impossible.
JON: I wish it were.
DAENERYS: Who told you this?
JON: Bran. He saw it.
DAENERYS: He saw it?
JON: And Samwell confirmed it. He read about their marriage at the Citadel without even knowing what it meant.
DAENERYS: A secret no one in the world knew except your brother and your best friend. Doesn't seem strange to you?
JON: It's true, Dany. I know it is.
DAENERYS: If it were true, it would make you the last male heir of House Targaryen. You'd have a claim to the Iron Throne.
Suddenly a horn blares and JON turns around.
JON and DAENERYS walk behind the battlements and stand next to TYRION as the three stare out over the wall.
MAN: Form up! Get yourselves back!
JON nods at DAENERYS and they both quickly exit. TYRION watches but turns his attention back over the wall. The camera pans away.
CUT TO: PATH TO WINTERFELL
In an icy haze, the mangled legs of a dead horse trot forward before stopping. The camera pans up to show a white walker sitting upon the dead horse and the entire army of white walkers standing in a line upon their horses is slowly revealed. The camera pans around their backs before settling on the faint glow of Winterfell in the distance.
CREDITS
          
            Lyrics for this song have yet to be released. Please check back once the song has been released.
          
        
EXT: Winterfell, day
JORAH's body lies on an unlit funeral pyre. DAENERYS looks down on his prone body, crying in mourning. She leans down and kisses him gently on the forehead. She then whispers something in his ear.
SANSA weeps over THEON’s dead body, her hand on his chest. She steps back and takes a Stark wolf pin from her chest and secures it on THEON's.
JON, ARYA, SAM and BRAN stand amidst the Stark men, some of whom bear torches. DAENERYS joins the crowd a bit further down, next to GREY WORM, VARYS, MISSANDEI and TYRION. In front of the crowd sits scores of funeral pyres in a grid. Stark soldiers stand at intervals with more torches. SANSA returns to the somber crowd, joining her siblings. Even Grey Wolf stands obediently in mourning. JON steps forward to address those assembled.
JON: We're here to say goodbye to our  brothers and sisters. To our fathers and mothers. To our friends. Our fellow men and women who set aside their differences to fight together and die together so that others might live. Everyone in this world owes them a debt that can never be repaid. It is our duty and our honor to keep them alive in memory for those who come after us and those who come after them for as long as men draw breath. They were the shields that guarded the realms of men. And we shall never see their like again.
Soldiers and freefolk hand torches to JON, SANSA, ARYA, SAM, TORMUND, DAENERYS and GREY WORM. They fan out to various pyres in the field, joining their fallen comrades for one final VISIT: ARYA  to BERIC, SAM to EDDISON TOLLETT, JON to LYANNA MORMONT. JON looks at DAENERYS. As one, they ignite the pyres. DAENYRYS watches the flames spread under JORAH, then turns away. The living return to the crowd and the flames rise higher. The air fills with a thick black smoke.
INT: Winterfell Great Hall
The victory feast is somber and quiet, even though the hall is filled to capacity. At the head table sites BRAN, SANSA, JON, DAENERYS and TYRION.
MAN: To your health.
In the crowd, GENDRY looks around. He turns back to the table where the HOUND eats hungrily. GENDRY takes a drink.
GENDRY: Have you seen Arya?
HOUND: You can still smell the burning bodies, and that’s where your head is at.
GENDRY: I just want to thank her for--
HOUND: I'm sure you do.
GENDRY: Look, it's not about that.
HOUND: Of course it's about that, you twat. Why shouldn't it be? The dead are dead. You're not.
The HOUND takes a deep gulp of his wine. GENDRY gets up, insulted. He walks the length of the hall to exit, but DAENERYS notices him as he passes the head table.
DAENERYS: Gendry.
GENDRY stops and faces her. The hall goes even quieter.
DAENERYS:THAT'S right, isn't it?
GENDRY approaches DAENERYS.
GENDRY: Yes, Your Grace.
DAENERYS: You’re Robert Baratheon’s son.
GENDRY: (nods)
DAENERYS: You are aware he took my family's throne and tried to have me murdered?
GENDRY: I didn’t even know he was my father until after he was dead.
DAENERYS: Yes, he's dead. His brothers are too. So who's Lord of Storm's End now?
GENDRY: I don’t know, Your Grace.
DAENERYS: Does anyone?
No one in the hall responds.
DAENERYS:I think you should be Lord of Storm's End.
The crowd murmurs.
GENDRY: I can't be. I'm a bastard.
DAENERYS: No, you are Lord Gendry Baratheon of Storm's End, the lawful son of Robert Baratheon. Because that is what I have made you.
GENDRY nods in shock and surprise. At a nearby table, DAVOS stands and raises his glass.
DAVOS: To Lord Gendry Baratheon of Storm's End.
Everyone in the hall rises to their feet to salute GENDRY.
ALL: To Gendry!
MAN 1: Lord Gendry!
MAN 2: Gendry!
MAN 3: Gendry!
MAN 4: Gendry!
GENDRY takes a goblet from the smiling JON SNOW.
MAN 5: Lord Gendry!
GENDRY salutes the hall. They cheer in response.
MAN 6: Gendry!
The HOUND, still sitting, shakes his head and returns to shoveling food into his mouth. The hall contiunes to cheer.
MAN 7: That's easy, isn't it?
TYRION; A fitting reward for a hero.
SAM: (to GENDRY) Uh, hold on.
TYRION: And a Lord of Storm's End who will be forever loyal to you.
MAN 8: (to GENDRY) Come, my lord.
DAENERYS:  See? You're not the only one who's clever.
SANSA looks at DAENERYS with concern, pondering the play that the Mother of Dragons has just made.
WOMAN: I have to go down and get another barrel.
CUT TO: The Winterfell Great Hall, a bit later.
The mood has lightened. The merry crowd laughs and enjoys themselves. The wine flows freely. A server places a carafe of wine on the table in front of JAIME and BRIENNE.
JAIME: We fought dead things and lived to talk about it. If this isn't the time to drink, when is?
JAIME pours wine for BRIENNE and himself. BRIENNE watches, a bit nervous. They clink glasses and drink together.
CUT TO: Another part of the Hall
DAVOS and TYRION stand talking.
DAVOS: The last time I saw her, I told her I'd kill her if I ever saw her again.
TYRION:  I'm sure you had your reasons.
DAVOS:  I did. I do.
TYRION:   So did you?
DAVOS: Never got the chance. She did it to herself. Or her god did it to her. Lord of Light. We play his game for him, we fight his war and win, and then he fucks off. No signs, no blessings. Who knows what he wants?
TYRION:  I don't imagine thinking about that subject will leave you any happier than before.
DAVOS: And what if I'm not trying to be happy?
TYRION: Then you're in luck. We may have defeated them, but we still have us to contend with.
DAVOS:  Thank you. I feel much better.
DAVOS takes the wine that TYRION has poured for him and drinks. TYRION exits.
CUT TO: Another part of the hall
The celebrations are becoming raucous. The HOUND takes  the entire pitcher of wine from a serving wench  as she passes.
CUT TO: A fireplace in the hall
TYRION looks into the fire, pensively.
MAN: More ale!
TYRION address BRAN, who sits nearby.
TYRION: This is clever. Even better than the saddle I designed for you.
BRAN: It's the same as the one Daeron Targaryen built for his crippled nephew 120 years ago. I liked that one.
TYRION: You know our history better than anyone. That will be useful as Lord of Winterfell.
BRAN: I'm not Lord of Winterfell.
TYRION: You're the only surviving trueborn son of Ned Stark.
BRAN doesn't answer.
TYRION: You don't want it.
BRAN: I don't really want anymore.
TYRION: I envy you.
BRAN: You shouldn't envy me. Mostly I live in the past.
CUT TO: The head table
TORMUND goads JON into drinking from his horn.
TORMUND: All of it.
MAN: Go on.
JON:  No, not in one go.
SANSA: Go on. I believe in you.
TORMUND: We have to celebrate our victory.
JON: Vomiting is not celebrating.
TORMUND: Yes, it is.
Everyone laughs. TORMUND holds up the drinking horn in salute.
TORMUND: Ah! To the Dragon Queen!
Everyone in the hall cheers. DAENERYS stands.
DAENERYS: To Arya Stark, the hero of Winterfell!
Everyone stands and cheers again, even louder. Only the HOUND remains seated in disdain for the celebration.
ALL: Rah! Rah! Rah! Rah!
WOMAN: Drink!
TORMUND tips the great horn back and drinks for an inordinately long time.  He roars. JON and SANSA smile. SANSA watches DAENERYS again, then stands and exits.
TORMUND: I'm fine!
DAENERYS returns to her seat, sitting alone while TORMUND continues to spur on the drunken revelry nearby. The hall is abuzz with merriment.
CUT TO: A table nearby.
TYRION, JAIME, BRIENNE and PODRICK are playing a drinking game.
TYRION: (drunkenly) Your turn.
JAIME: (to BRIENNE) Um You are an only child.
BRIENNE: I told you I was.
JAIME:  You didn't.
BRIENNE: I did.
JAIME: I surmised it.
TYRION: Drink.
Humorously scoffing, BRIENNE drinks.
TYRION: Go again.
BRIENNE: Why does he get to go again?
TYRION: Because it's my game.
JAIME: You have danced with Renly Baratheon.
PODRICK: (to Brienne) No.
TYRION: Drink.
CUT TO: The revelry near the head table.
TORMUND is quite drunk and vociferous as he celebrates with JON, DAVOS and some free folk.
MAN: The other way around!
TORMUND: I saw him riding that thing.
DAVOS:  We all did.
TORMUND:  No. No. I saw him riding that thing.
JON SNOW, sitting behind him, shakes his head and laughs. He takes another drink as he listens.
DAVOS:  That's right, you did.
TORMUND: I did. That's why we all agreed to follow him. That's the kind of man he is.
Sitting just beyond the group, DAENERYS notices the praise that JON is getting. She watches closely. TORMUND  puts his hand of JON's shoulder with drunken affection. He then throws his arm around JON's shoulder.
TORMUND: (laughing) He's little but he's strong. Strong enough to befriend an enemy and get murdered for it!
DAERNERYS continues to jealously observe the adulation that JON receives. A coffee cup rests on the table next to her.
TORMUND: Most people get bloody murdered, they stay that way.
TORMUND firmly slaps JON on the back. JON winces in pain.
TORMUND: Not this one.
The men laugh.
JON: Yeah, I didn't have much say in that.
TORMUND: Ah! He comes back and keeps fighting. Here, north of the Wall, and then back here again. He keeps fighting. He keeps fighting.
DAENERYS grows more unhappy with the attention that JON is getting instead of her.
TORMUND: He climbed on a fucking dragon and fought. What kind of person climbs on a fucking dragon? A madman or a king!
The crowd cheers. JON looks at DAENERYS. She toasts him with her glass. TORMUND continues to laugh as DAENERYS looks around the room, with VARYS standing in the wings behind her. She looks at the drinking game between TYRION, JAIME, BRIENNE and PODRICK.
TYRION: Drink.
JAIME:  Drink.
PODRICK: Drink.
BRIENNE drinks. They all laugh.
DAENERYS looks back at JON and TORMUND, deeling let out. She stands quickly. VARYS stands in response. As she exits, VARYS bows to her, then watches her go with concern.
CUT TO: The drinking game.
TYRION, JAIME, BRIENNE and PODRICK are deep in their cups.
BRIENNE: Wrong! Wrong, wrong, wrong! Drink!
BRIENNE and TYRION laugh. TYRION drinks.
TYRION: Mm!
BRINEE: You were married. Before Sansa.
JAIME:  Drink.
TYRION growls and drinks.
BRIENNE: You're drinking wine, but you prefer ale!
TYRION: No!
TYRION laughs drunkenly, and BRIENNE drinks, smiling.
TYRION: You're a virgin.
BRIENNE's face falls. PODRICK drinks nervously. JAIME tries to save the mood.
JAIME: That's a statement about the present.
TYRION: At no point in the past, up until this very moment, have you slept with a man. Or a woman.
BRIENNE goes from flabbergasted to angry in the course a moment. She stands.
BRIENNE: I have to piss.
TORMUND approaches them
TORMUND: We did it! We faced those icy fucks. Looked right into their blue eyes, and here we are. Now, which one of you cowards shit in my pants?
TORMUND guffaws.
BRIENNE: Please pardon me for a moment.
BRIENNE exits, and the drunken TORMUND moves to follow. JAIME stands quickly and blocks him. They exchange a look. JAIME jovially pats TORMUND on the shoulder to stay him, then turns to follow BRIENNE. Woundedly, TORMUND watches BRIENNE leave, tailed by JAIME. TYRION gets his attention by pouring his wine into TORMUND's drinking horn.
MAN: Drink it!
TYRION's eyes hold TORMUND's gaze as he  clinks his glass with the drinking horn. He exits and PODRICK smirks. TORMUND digests the reality of the situation. He returns to his freefolk friends. PODRICK watches him go, and his eyes meet those of a Stark maiden, who smiles at him. He smiles back.
CUT TO: The main hall, later.
TORMUND, confessional and teary, pours his heart out to the HOUND.  TORMUND; And after all that, this fucker comes north and takes her from me. sJust takes her, like that. I mean it, Clegane. My heart is broken.
TORMUND clasps the HOUND's shoulder.
HOUND: Don't touch me.
WILLA: You can touch me.
TORMUND swivels quickly to find WILLA and SARRA standing nearby.
WILLA: I'm not afraid of wildlings.
TORMUND: Maybe you should be.
SANSA watches their interaction from afar. TORMUND chuckles and hugs WILLA close to him
TORMUND: Well, Clegane it's time to drown our sorrows.
HOUND: I'm not done with my drink.
TORMUND sighs and grabs the pitcher from WILLA. He sets it down on a nearby table. They exit.
MAN 2: You saved the day.
MAN 1: You owe me one.  Don't forget that.
MAN 2: For the rest of my days.
While the HOUND drains his glass and plunks it on the table, SARRA  walks to the other side of him and sits.
SARRA: Are you ready now?
The HOUND grabs a large pitcher from the table in front of him and refills his glass.
HOUND: This is my drink.
SARRA looks across the room to SANSA. She tries to re-engage the HOUND, but he lurches agressively at her, growling. SARRA recoils, then exits quickly
MAN: All right!
SANSA approaches the HOUND and sits down across from him.
SANSA: She could have made you happy, for a little while.
HOUND: There's only one thing that'll make me happy.
SANSA: And what's that?
HOUND: That's my fucking business.
SANSA returns his brush off with silence.
HOUND: Used to be you couldn't look at me.
SANSA: That was a long time ago. I've seen much worse than you since then.
HOUND: Yes, I've heard. Heard you were broken in. Heard you were broken in rough.
SANSA: And he got what he deserved. I gave it to him.
HOUND: How?
SANSA: Hounds.
The HOUND chuckles.
HOUND: You've changed, Little Bird.
The HOUND takes a deep drink.
HOUND: None of it would have happened if you'd left King's Landing with me. No Littlefinger, no Ramsay none of it.
SANSA clasps his hand, gently. He looks down at the kindness, then back at her eyes.
SANSA: Without Littlefinger, and Ramsay and the rest, I would have stayed a Little Bird all my life.
SANSA gathers herself, stands and exits. The HOUND ponders.
EXT: Winterfell courtyard.
The rowdiness continues to increase, as the party spills out into the courtyard
MAN 1: Hey!
MAN 2: Pour another one.
GENDRY searches for ARYA. He enters a passageway away from the festivities. He is startled by an arrow that pierces the wall just in front of his face. He turns to see ARYA holding the bow. He raises both hands in surrender, and enters.
GENDRY: Don't shoot.
ARYA notches another bow.
GENDRY: It's nighttime, it's freezing, and everyone's celebrating. You should be celebrating with them.
ARYA: I am celebrating.
She launches the arrow at a makeshift target tacked to a barrel. She picks up another arrow.
GENDRY: Yeah, I am too. I'm not Gendry Rivers anymore. I'm Gendry Baratheon, Lord of Storm's End. By order of the queen.
ARYA: Congratulations.
GENDRY grabs her quickly and kisses her.
GENDRY: I don't know how to be lord of anything. I hardly know how to use a fork. All I know is that you're beautiful, and I love you, and none of it will be worth anything if you're not with me. So be with me.
GENDRY kneels before ARYA
GENDRY: Be my wife. Be the Lady of Storm's End.
ARYA bends down and kisses GENDRY. They stand together.
ARYA: You'll be a wonderful lord, and any lady would be lucky to have you. But I'm not a lady. I never have been. That's not me.
ARYA readies another arrow, and lets it fly.
INT: BRIENNE chambers, night.
BRIENNE adds a log to the fire that burns in the hearth. There is a knock on the door. BRIENNE walks over and opens the door. JAIME stands at, leaning drunkenly against the wall.
JAIME: You didn't drink.
JAIME invites himself in. He places a pitcher on the table, and grabs the two glasses nestled the elbow of his right arm. BRIENNE is a bit confused, but she closes the door and walks over.
BRIENNE: I didn't drink?
JAIME: In the game.
BRIENNE:  I drank.
JAIME picks up the pitcher to pour a glass of  wine.
JAIME: In the game. This is Dornish.
BRIENNE:  This is not the game. This is only drinking.
JAIME hands her a full glass.
JAIME: Suit yourself.
BRIENNE drinks, a puzzled look on her face.
JAIME: You keep it warm enough in here.
JAIME slides off his jacket, with a bit of difficultly, and throws it down on the table.
BRIENNE:  It's the first thing I learnt when I came to the North. Keep your fire going. Every time you leave the room, put more wood on.
JAIME: That's very diligent. Very responsible.
BRIENNE:  Piss off.
JAIME:  You know the first thing I learned in the North? I hate the fucking North.
BRIENNE: It grows on you.
JAIME: I don't want things growing on me.
JAIME fills the other glass with a sloppy pour.
JAIME: How about Tormund Giantsbane? Has he grown on you? He was very sad when you left.
JAIME drinks. BRIENNE's expression softens.
BRIENNE:  (almost whispering) You sound quite jealous.
JAIME:  (nods) I do, don't I? It's bloody hot in here.
JAIME works to undo the lacing of his shirt. It is not easy to do it one-handed. He chuckles in embarrassment at his ineptitude. He tries using his left hand and his teeth. BRIENNE realizes that this is a drunken seduction. She swats his hand away.
BRIENNE: Oh, move aside.
BRIENNE undoes JAIME's shirt. He starts doing the same for her.
BRIENNE:  What are you doing?
JAIME: I'm taking your shirt off.
They both pause at look at one another. BRIENNE undoes her own shirt as he watches. She them helps JAIME to pull his shirt over his heads. She then peels off her own shirt.
JAIME: I've never slept with a knight before.
BRIENNE: I've never slept with anyone before.
JAIME: Then you have to drink. Those are the rules.
BRIENNE: I told you--
JAIME cuts her short with a hungry kiss. She returns in kind.
INT: Winterfell, JON's chambers, night
JON sits at the table, his head propped up on one fist, tired or drunk or both. DAENERYS opens the door and enters.
DAENERYS: Are you drunk?
JON looks at her for a beat.
JON: No.
JON stands and stumbles a bit. He laughs at himself.
JON: Only a little.
DAENERYS shuts the door and moves closer.
JON: I didn't know Ser Jorah well but I know this. If he could have chosen a way to die, it would have been protecting you.
DAENERYS: He loved me. And I couldn't love him back. Not the way he wanted. Not the way I love you.
They embrace.
DAENERYS: Is that all right?
JON and DAENERYS kiss, gently at first. Their passion builds and they start to undress one another while still kissing. JON pulls back, a conflicted look on his face. DAENERYS responds with dejection. JON moves away.
DAENERYS: I wish you'd never told me. If I didn't know, I'd be happy right now.
She sits.
DAENERYS: I try to forget. Tonight I did for a while, and then I saw them gathered around you. I saw the way they looked at you. I know that look. So many people have looked at me that way, but never here. Never on this side of the sea.
JON: I told you I don't want it.
DAENERYS: (angrily) It doesn't matter what you want. You didn't want to be King in the North. What happens when they demand you press your claim, and take what is mine?
JON kneels before her.
JON: I'll refuse. You are my queen. I don't know what else I can say.
DAENERYS quickly takes JON's face in her hands and looks him straight in the eye.
DAENERYS: (desperately)You can say nothing. To anyone, ever. Never tell them who you really are. Swear your brother and Samwell Tarly to secrecy, and tell no one else. Or it will take on a life of its own and you won't be able to control it or what it does to people. No matter how many times you bend the knee, no matter what you swear.
JON stands. DAENERYS takes his hand in hers.
DAENERYS: I want it to be the way it was between us.
JON returns her touch.
JON: I have to tell Sansa and Arya.
DAENERYS: Sansa will want to see me gone and you on the Iron Throne.
JON: She won't.
DAENERYS: She's not the girl you grew up with. Not after what she's seen, not after what they've done to her.
JON: I owe them the truth.
DAENERYS: Even if the truth destroys us?
JON: It won't.
DAENERYS: It will. I've never begged for anything but I'm begging you. Don't do this. Please.
JON cups her face in his hands.
JON: You are my queen. Nothing will change that. And they are my family. We can live together.
DAENERYS: We can. I've just told you how.
JON lets his hands fall. DAENERYS walks away.
INT: BRIENNE's chambers, night
BRIENNE and JAIME lie in bed, naked. BRIENNE is fast asleep. JAMIE looks at her, breaths deeply, then stares towards the ceiling.
INT: WInterfell war room, day.
The room contains a map of Westeros with stone pieces representing the forces at Winterfell and King's Landing. The war council consists of MISSANDEI, DAENERYS, VARYS, GREY WORM, TYRION, JON, ARYA, SANSA, QHONO, SAM, BRAN, MAESTER WOLKAN, DAVOS and BRIENNE. The mood is somber and tense.
GREY WORM picks up a handful of Winterfell markers.
GREY WORM:  Half are gone.
JON: The Northmen as well.
JON slides of some other markers. MAESTER WOLKAN slides away some more. VARYS places additional markers in King's Landing.
VARYS: And the Golden Company has arrived in King's Landing, courtesy of the Greyjoy fleet. The balance has grown distressingly even.
MISSANDEI: When the people find out what we have done for them, that we saved them--
DAENERYS: Cersei will make sure they don't believe it. We will hit her hard. We will rip her out root and stem.
TYRION: The objective here is to remove Cersei without destroying King's Landing.
VARYS: Thankfully, she's losing allies by the day. Yara Greyjoy has retaken the Iron Islands in her queen's name. The new Prince of Dorne pledges his support.
DAENERYS: No matter how many lords turn against her, as long as she sits on the Iron Throne, she can call herself Queen of the Seven Kingdoms. We need the capital.
TYRION: I watched the people of King's Landing rebel against their king when they were hungry, and that was before winter began. Give them the opportunity and they will cast Cersei aside.
JON: We'll surround the city. If the Iron Fleet tries to ferry in more food, the dragons will destroy them. If the Lannisters and the Golden Company attack, we'll defeat them in the field.
TYRION: Once the people see that Cersei is our only enemy, her reign is over.
DAENERYS thinks before responding.
DAENERYS: All right.
SANSA: The men we have left are exhausted. Many of them are wounded. They'll fight better if they have time to rest and recuperate.
DAENERYS: How long do you suggest?
SANSA: I can't say for certain, not without talking to the officers.
DAENERYS: I came north to fight alongside you at great cost to my armies and myself. Now that the time has come to reciprocate, you want to postpone.
SANSA: It's not just our people. It's yours. You want to throw them into a war they're not ready to fight?
DAENERYS:THE longer I leave my enemies alone, the stronger they become.
JON: (to SANSA and ARYA) The Northern forces will honor their promises and their allegiance to the Queen of the Seven Kingdoms.
JON turns to face DAENERYS
JON: What you command, we will obey.
ARYA and SANSA exchange a glance.
TYRION: So if all are in agreement Jon and Ser Davos will ride down the Kingsroad with the Northern troops and the bulk of the remaining Dothraki and Unsullied.
JON moves the corresponding markers on the map.
TYRION: A smaller group of us will ride to White Harbor, and sail from there to Dragonstone with our queen and her dragons accompanying us from above.
GREY WORM moves those markers into position.
TYRION: Ser Jaime has chosen to remain here, as a guest of the Lady of Winterfell.
DAENERYS: We have won the Great War. Now we will win the Last War. In all Seven Kingdoms, men will live without fear and cruelty under their rightful queen.
Everyone exits, except for the Stark children. ARYA intercepts JON as he begins to leave. SANSA moves to stand beside BRAN.
ARYA: We need a word.
EXT: Winterfell godswood, day
The Stark children discuss the situation in the godswood.
JON: You understand we'd all be dead if not for her. We'd be corpses marching down to King's Landing.
SANSA: Arya's the one that killed the Night King.
JON: Her men gave their lives defending Winterfell--
SANSA: And we will never forget them. That doesn't mean that I want to kneel to someone who--
JON: I swore myself and the North to her cause.
ARYA: I respect that.
SANSA: You respect it?
ARYA: We needed her. We needed her army, her dragons. You did the right thing. And we're doing the right thing telling you we don't trust your queen.
JON:  You don't know her yet.
ARYA:  I'll never know her. She's not one of us.
JON: If you only trust the people you grew up with, you won't make many allies.
ARYA: That's all right. I don't need many allies.
JON: Arya -
ARYA: We're family. The four of us. The last of the Starks.
JON: I've never been a Stark.
SANSA: You are. You're just as much Ned Stark's child as any of us.
ARYA: You're my brother. Not my half-brother or my bastard brother. My brother.
JON hesitates.
BRAN: It's your choice.
SANSA and ARYA look to BRAN, confused.
JON: I need to tell you something. But you have to swear you'll never tell another soul.
ARYA: What is it?
JON: You have to swear it, before I tell you.
SANSA: How can I promise to keep a secret if I don't even know what it is?
JON: Because we're family. Swear it.
ARYA: I swear it.
SANSA: I swear it.
JON: (to BRAN) Tell them.
SANSA and ARYA turn to BRAN.
EXT: A Winterfell house, night
Two cloaked people walk by the modest house
INT: The Winterfell house
JAIME and TYRION talk by the fire.
TYRION: So she's going to stay here with you?
JAIME: She's sworn to protect the Stark girls, so... Say something snide.
TYRION: I'm happy. I'm happy that you're happy. I'm happy that you'll finally have to climb for it.
They both laugh
TYRION: Do you know how long I've waited to tell tall-person jokes? To climbing mountains.
TYRION and JAIME clink their glasses in a toast.
JAIME: To climbing mountains.
They drink.
TYRION: What's she like down there?
JAIME: What? That's not your concern.
TYRION: I haven't been with a woman for years. Give me a morsel.
JAIME: You're a dog.
TYRION: I am the Imp, and I demand to know.
BRONN enters. He cavalierly holds JOFFREY's crossbow
BRONN: I knew you were fucking her. A pair of tall, blond toffs. Must be like looking in the mirror.
JAIME motions to the crossbow.
JAIME: What are you doing with that?
BRONN: Oh, this? This is for you. For both of you.
TYRION: You're supposed to be south.
BRONN sits next to them.
BRONN: You boys are a pair of gold-plated cunts. Do you know that?
TYRION: That's a bit rude.
TYRION: You're a knight, thanks to me.
BRONN: Thanks to me. And that title's worth as much as a blond hair from your brother's ballsack.
JAIME: Power resides where men believe--
BRONN: Shut your mouth.
TYRION: I'm just trying--
BRONN: I've never hit a dwarf before, but say another word and I will belt you.
TYRION: See, I don't believe you'd do that, after all--
BRONN pivots in his seat and gives TYRION a left hook to the face. JAIME jerks to his feet. In a fluid motion, BRONN leans back and threatens JAIME with the crossbow
BRONN: You couldn't do it on your best day, you one-handed fuck. And your best days are long gone.
TYRION tips his head back and groans, holding his nose with both hands.
TYRION: You broke my nose!
BRONN: I did not break your nose.
TYRION: How do you know?
BRONN: Because I've been breaking noses since I was your size, and I know what it sounds like. Now listen. Your sister offered me Riverrun. Nice big castle, good lands, plenty of peasants who do what they're told.
JAIME:  And you trust Cersei--
BRONN: I knew your sister was dead the second I saw those dragons. Now, your army may be torn to shit, but I'd still bet on your Dragon Queen to win. And it just so happens I'm a betting man. If Cersei's dead, she can't pay up.
BRONN picks up a cup of wine and drinks deeply.
BRONN: Mmm, that's good. Of course, the odds change if the Dragon Queen's Hand turns up dead. Maybe a few of her top generals get picked off one by one. All of a sudden -
TYRION: May I speak?
BRONN: Why not? Only death will shut you up.
TYRION: We made a deal long ago. Do you remember?
BRONN: If anyone offered me money to kill you, you'd pay me double. What's double Riverrun?
TYRION: Highgarden. You could be Lord of the Reach.
JAIME: Highgarden? Are you mad?
TYRION: It's better than being dead.
JAIME: He's not going to kill us. He wouldn't be talking to us if--
BRONN unleashes a crossbow bolt just past JAIME's head. They both are taken by surprise, and go silent at the threat. BRONN reloads.
BRONN: The way I see it, I only need one of the Lannister brothers alive.
JAIME: Highgarden will never belong to a cutthroat.
BRONN: No? Who were your ancestors, the ones who made your family rich? Fancy lads in silk? They were fucking cutthroats. That's how all the great houses started, isn't it? With a hard bastard who was good at killing people. Kill a few hundred people, they make you a lord. Kill a few thousand, they make you king. And then all your cocksucking grandsons can ruin the family with their cocksucking ways.
BRONN takes another drink
BRONN: Highgarden. Give me your word.
TYRION: You have my word. None of this means a thing until we take King's Landing. We ride south in the morning. We could use an officer with knowledge of the city's defenses.  BRONN; (chuckles)  Oh, no. No, my fighting days are done. But I still got a few killing days left, you hear me? I'll come find you when the war is done. Till then, don't die.
BRONN stands up and backs out of the room, keeping the crossbow trained on the the Lannisters. He shuts the door behind him. JAIME and TYRION look to one another.
EXT: Outside of Winterfell, day.
The HOUND rides though the gray and snowy landscape, chewing on some jerky. He sees something in the distance.
HOUND: For fuck's sake.
ARYA rides up next to him. Annoyed, the HOUND throws his jerky on the ground .
ARAY: On your own?
They ride side by side.
HOUND: Not anymore. I don't like crowds.
ARYA: Me neither.
HOUND: Why not? They all love you now. You're the big hero.
ARYA: Don't like heroes.
HOUND: It must have felt good sticking a knife in that horned fucker.
ARYA: Felt better than dying. You're heading to King's Landing?
HOUND: I have some unfinished business.
ARYA: Me too.
HOUND: I don't plan on coming back.
ARYA: Neither do I.
HOUND: Gonna leave me to die again if I get hurt?
ARYA:  Probably.
The HOUND laughs. ARYA smiles.
EXT: Hills outside Winterfell.
DAENERYS pets the growling RHAEGAL, who then takes flight. DROGON and DAENERYS watch RHAEGAL take flight. DAENERYS smiles and turns to climb onto DROGON.
EXT: Winterfell walkway
SANSA watches the dragons soar through the air. TYRION approaches.
TYRION:  My lady.
Distracted by the flying dragons, SANSA does not answer.
TYRION: "My lord" is the standard response.
SANSA: Why her?
TYRION: You know she loves your brother.
SANSA: That doesn't mean she'll be a good queen.
TYRION: You seem determined to dislike her. A good relationship between the Iron Throne and the North has been the core of every peaceful, prosperous reign we've ever known.
SANSA: Jon will be Warden of the North, so a good relationship seems likely.
TYRION: I don't expect him to spend much time here going forward.
SANSA: Well, I suppose that's up to him.
TYRION: Sansa, look at me.
SANSA takes her eyes off the dragons and slowly turns to look at TYRION.
TYRION:  With Jon in the capital, you'll be the true power in the North. I'd feel much better about the future if I left here today believing that you and Daenerys were allies.
SANSA: What are you worried about? Jon's taking our army with him. Your queen still has her dragons--
TYRION: She's your queen too.
The Unsullied march in time out the main gate of Winterfell. SANSA and TYRION both turn to watch.
SANSA: You're afraid of her.
TYRION: Every good ruler needs to inspire a bit of fear.
SANSA: I don't want Jon to go down there. The men in my family don't do well in the capital.
TYRION: No, but as your brother once told me, he's not a Stark.
SANSA gives an exasperated sigh and turns away.
TYRION: Are you all right?
SANSA mulls the information she knows about JON's heritage.
TYRION: Her people love her, you've seen that. You've seen how they fight for her. She wants to make the world a better place. I believe in her.
TYRION starts to walk away.
SANSA: Tyrion. What if there's someone else? Someone better?
EXT: Winterfell courtyard.
DAVOS mounts his steed while JON packs his saddle. TORMUND approachs.
TORMUND: You're not gonna ride the dragon south?
JON shakes is head, amused by the jibe. He walks to meet TORMUND half way.
JON: Just a horse. Rhaegal needs to heal. He doesn't need me weighing him down.
TORMUND: (scoffs). You weigh as much as two fleas fucking.
JON: (laughs)
TORMUND: I'm taking the Free Folk home. We've had enough of the south. The women down here don't like me.
JON: This is the North, you know. And the Free Folk are welcome to stay.
TORMUND: It isn't home. We need room to wander. I'll take them back through Castle Black as soon as the winter storms pass. Back where we belong.
JON looks at Ghost.
JON: It's where he belongs too. A direwolf has no place in the south. Will you take him with you? He'll be happier up there.
TORMUND: So would you.
JON: I wish I was going with you. This is farewell, then.
TORMUND: You never know.
TORMUND and JON hug.
TORMUND: You've got the North in you. The real North.
TORMUND exits. JON walks to meet SAM and GILLY. JON gives GILLY a hug, and is surprised by her baby bump. She looks at her belly, smiling. SAM nods to confirm that she is pregnant.
SAM: Yes, well, the nights have been getting longer and there wasn't that much to do in Oldtown. There's only so many books a person can read, so we--
GILLY: I'm sure he knows how it happens, Sam. If it's a boy, we want to name him Jon.
JON: I hope it's a girl.
JON and SAM hug, both of them holding back tears.
SAM: You're the best friend I ever had.
JON: You too, Sam.
JON walks away. Ghost whines as he passes. JON mounts, and rides out of the gate with DAVOS. TORMUND, Ghost, SAM and GILLY watch him go.
EXT: The open sea
The Targaryen fleet cuts sails at a fine clip. GREY WORM and MISSANDEI stand together on deck. MISSANDEI discreetly clasps GREY WORM's hand. He looks down at their hands and the smile at one another.
INT: The captain's quarters
TYRION sits, talking with VARYS, who stands nearby.
TYRION: Think of the past 20 years. The war, the murder, the misery. All of it because Robert Baratheon loved someone who didn't love him back.
VARYS: How many others know?
VARYS sits.
TYRION: Including us? Eight.
VARYS: Well, then it's not a secret anymore. It's information. If a handful of people know now, hundreds will know soon. Then what happens?
TYRION: She loses the North. She loses the Vale, Sansa will make sure of that.
VARYS: No, it's worse than that. He has the better claim to the throne.
TYRION: He doesn't want the throne.
TYRION begins to pace.
VARYS: I'm not sure it matters what he wants. The fact is, people are drawn to him. Wildlings, Northmen. He's a war hero.
TYRION: He loves our queen. And she loves him. If we marry them, they could rule together.
VARYS: She's his aunt.
TYRION: That never stopped a Targaryen before.
VARYS: No, but Jon grew up in Winterfell. Is marrying your aunt common in the North? You know our queen better than I do. Do you think she wants to share the throne? She does not like to have her authority questioned.
TYRION:  Something she has in common with every monarch who ever lived.
VARYS: I worry about her state of mind.
TYRION: We are advisors to the queen. Worrying about her state of mind is our job. We still have to take King's Landing. Maybe Cersei will win and kill us all. That would solve our problems.
EXT: Dragonstone harbor.
A ship drops anchor, and another furls its sails.  Others in the distance have already set anchor. Rhaegal and Drogon fly overhead, with DAENERYS riding. They soar over the castle, enjoying themselves. Suddenly, a huge bolt pierces Rhaegal's chest. He screeches in pain. DAENERYS is baffled and distraught. Rhaegal struggles to continue flying. Another bolt plunges into his chest, and a third pierces his neck. Blood spurts and the mighty dragon tumbles towards the sea.
CUT TO: The Targaryen fleet.
TYRION and VARYS race to the deck, in time to see Rhaegal plunge into the sea just off the side of their ship, upside down and unconscious. Men shout in confusion and race around the deck. Rhaegel disappears below the foamy splash.
CUT TO: The sky overhead.
DAENERYS looks down in horror. Another giant bolt zooms just above her head. She ducks in surprise, and looks up to see the Ironborn fleet appear from behind the craggy shores of Blackwater. Scorpions have been mounted on their foredecks. EURON himself mans one of the scorpions. His crew repositions the huge siege weapon for another shot. Rage takes over DAENERYS as she guides Drogon to dive towards the Ironborn. She screams a war cry. EURON patiently waits for his shot. The Ironborn let loose a volley of bolts, forcing DAENERYS to veer away from her attack dive. Drogon escapes unscathed, tailed by bolts as he retreats. DAENERYS reels and seeths.
CUT TO: The Targaryen fleet
MISSANDEI and TYRION watch DAENERYS fly away.
CUT TO: The sky overhead
DAENERYS is consumed by fury. Then she lowers he head in mourning.
CUT TO: The Ironborn fleet
EURON watches DAENERYS fly away. He smiles as his men repositions his weapon towards the vulnerable Targaryen ships.
CUT TO: The Targaryen fleet
MISSANDEI runs to GREY WORM's side.
GREY WORM: Get to the skiff.
MISSANDEI hesitates.
GREY WORM: Now!
MISSANDEI retreats.
TYRION takes stock of the attacking Ironborn ships, coming towards them at full sail.
SOLDIER 1: Spears!
SOLDIER 2: They're coming round again!
CUT TO: The Ironborn fleet
EURON takes aim with a menacing smile. He lets loose the bolt with a grunt. The other ships follow suit, sending off a brutal assault
CUT TO: The Targaryen fleet
The volley of giant bolts takes apart the Targaryen ships. GREY WORM is knocked off his feet by the devastating force of impact.
SOLDIER 3: Go!
SOLDIER 4: Clear!
SOLDIER 5: Man your stations!
MISSANDEI: No!
The sea spurts over the railings as the massive bolts destroy the hull. TYRION pivots away from the attacking side and is nearly impaled  on a whistling bolt. He falls backwards with a grunt. He quickly swivels back to his feet and changes direction. Another mighty bolt screams through the air in front of him, and destroys the railing on the far side of the deck. TYRION tries to continue towards the stern of the ship, but the dangerous bolts continue relentlessly, causing devastation and carnage. With no other options, TYRION jumps overboard to escape.
SOLDIER 4: Go! Go!
SOLDIER 5: Clear!
TYRION treads water. He looks up as a felled mast comes down on top of him. The screen goes black.
EXT: The shore of Blackwater Bay.
Unsullied drag their comrades through the surf and onto the shore. They cough and gasp. VARYS and TYRION lie on the shore, VARYS coughing uncontrollably. TYRION pants. GREY WORM staggers to the shore and desperately looks around.
GREY WORM:  Missandei? Missandei!
GREY WORM runs back into the water, his eyes scanning for his love.
GREY WORM: Missandei!
He dives into the water and swims out to search for her.
INT: King's Landing, the Red Keep
CERSEI looks out into the courtyard of the Red Keep. A crowd files in through the main entrance from the city beyond.
CERSEI: Our message was well-received, then?
QYBURN: Your people have heard the Usurper is coming. They are grateful for your protection within the walls of the Red Keep.
EURON approaches.
CERSEI: You're certain about the dragon?
EURION: I saw it sink beneath the waves.
CERSEI: That must have been glorious.
EURON kneels before her.
EURON: The glory is yours, my queen.
CERSEI strokes his face.
CERSEI: When the war is won, the Lion shall rule the land, the Kraken shall rule the sea and our child shall one day rule them all.
EURON rises, and looks to QYBURN, who nods, confirming CERSEI's pregnancy. Elated, EURON stokes CERSEI affectionately. She does not enjoy it.
EURON: She's coming for you.
CERSEI: Of course she is. Keep the gates open. If she wants to take the castle, she'll have to murder thousands of innocent people first.
CERSEI moves away from the window and walks past the MOUNTAIN, who guards MISSANDEI, hands shackled and weeping.
CERSEI: So much for "the Breaker of Chains."
CERSEI, QYBURN and EURON exit.
INT: Dragonstone War Room
DAENERYS lays down the lion figure on the war map.
GREY WORM: We will storm the city, my queen. We will kill your enemies. All of them.
VARYS: Your Grace. I promised you I would look you in the eye and speak directly if I ever thought you were making a mistake. This is a mistake.
DAENERYS: You saw my child fall from the sky.
VARYS: (nods)
DAENERYS: They took Missandei.
VARYS: Cersei needs to be destroyed, but if we attack King's Landing with Drogon and the Unsullied and the Dothraki, tens of thousands of innocents will die. That is why Cersei is bringing them into the Red Keep. These are the people you came here to protect. I beg you, Your Grace. Do not destroy the city you came to save. Do not become what you have always struggled to defeat.
DAENERYS: Do you believe we're here for a reason, Lord Varys? I'm here to free the world from tyrants. That is my destiny and I will serve it, no matter the cost.
VARYS is silent.
TYRION: It could be a fortnight before Jon and the allied armies make it to King's Landing. In the meantime, demand Cersei surrender. Offer her her life in exchange for the throne. If there's a chance to avoid the coming slaughter, we should make the effort.
DAENERYS: Speaking to Cersei will not prevent a slaughter. But perhaps it's good the people see that Daenerys Stormborn made every effort to avoid bloodshed, and Cersei Lannister refused. They should know whom to blame when the sky falls down upon them.
DAENERYS and GREY WORM exit.
INT: Dragonstone Throne Room
VARYS:  I've served tyrants most of my life. They all talk about destiny.
TYRION: She's a girl who walked into a fire with three stones and walked out with three dragons. How could she not believe in destiny?
VARYS: Perhaps that's the problem. Her life has convinced her that she was sent here to save us all.
TYRION: And how do you know she wasn't?
VARYS: Then there's the problem of Jon Snow. Perhaps it's actually a solution. You know them both. Tell me, who do you think would make a better ruler?
TYRION pours himself some wine.
TYRION: He doesn't want the throne. That's why he bent the knee.
VARYS: Have you considered the best ruler might be someone who doesn't want to rule?
TYRION: We're discussing treason.
VARYS: Don't pretend you haven't thought about it.
TYRION: Of course I've thought about it. Thoughts aren't treason.
VARYS: He's temperate and measured. He's a man, which makes him more appealing to the lords of Westeros, whose support we are going to need.
TYRION: Joffrey was a man. I don't think a cock is a true qualification, as I'm sure you'd agree.
VARYS: And he's the heir to the throne. Yes, because he's a man. Cocks are important, I'm afraid.
TYRION: What about my earlier proposal? They could rule together as king and queen.
VARYS: She's too strong for him. She'd bend him to her will, as she already has.
TYRION: He could temper her worst impulses.
VARYS: As you have? You're drinking quite a lot. A Targaryen father and a Stark mother. Jon's the one man alive who might actually be able to keep the North in the Seven Kingdoms.
TYRION: How many kings and queens have you served? Five? Six? I've lost count.
VARYS: You've always known my reasons.
TYRION:  At a certain point, you choose a person you believe in, and you fight for that person.
VARYS: Even if you know it's a mistake?
TYRION: I believe in our queen. She'll make the right choice. With the help of her loyal advisors.
VARYS: You know where my loyalty stands. You know I will never betray the realm.
TYRION: What is the realm? A vast continent, home to millions of people, most of whom don't care who sits on the Iron Throne.
VARYS: Millions of people, many of whom will die if the wrong person sits on that throne. We don't know their names, but they're just as real as you and I. They deserve to live. They deserve food for their children. I will act in their interest, no matter the personal cost.
TYRION: So, what happens to her?
VARYS looks at TYRION with a knowing lock, not putting words to the unspeakable. TYRION shakes his head.
TYRION:  Please. Don't.
VARYS: I've spoken as honestly as I can. Each of us has a choice to make. I pray we choose wisely.
VARYS exits.
EXT: Winterfell courtyard
A man breaks coal in the busy courtyard.  MAN 1: I'm just about to start it.  WOMAN 1: Good luck.  MAN 2: Protect shell right up to the wall.  MAN 1: All right, I'll put another one on it.   MAN 3: He's headed down to the cellar. I'll need a cart over here.  MAN 4: That's it, thanks. Thank you.
JAIME enters the courtyard. He looks over at SANSA, BRIENNE and MAESTER WOLKAN, who are engaged in conversation. WOLKAN exits one way and SANSA and BRIENNE leave in another. JAIME follows them.  WOMAN 2: It's really heavy, mind you.  MAN 5: We need some more water.  MAN 3: Take it down there!
CUT TO: Another part of the courtyard
JAIME finds SANSA talking to BRIENNE.
SANSA: . . . as are the rest of her advisors.
JAIME approaches them cautiously.
JAIME: What happened?
SANSA and BRIENNE exchange a glance. SANSA nods, giving BRIENNE permission to discuss it with JAIME.
BRIENNE: Euron Greyjoy ambushed Queen Daenerys and her fleet. One of the dragons was killed, several ships destroyed, Missandei captured.
SANSA: I always wanted to be there when they execute your sister. Seems like I won't get the chance.
SANSA exits. JAIME's face falls.
INT: BRIENNE's chambers, night.
JAIME sits awake and and fully dressed at the foot of the bed. BRIENNE lies sleeping. He tries to slip away quietly, but the sound of his exit wakes BRIENNE. She sits up, alarmed, looking for him.
EXT: Winterfell courtyard, night
JAIME readies his horse for departure. BRIENNE approaches.
BRIENNE: They're going to destroy that city. You know they will.
JAIME: Have you ever run away from a fight?
BRIENNE takes JAIME's face in her hands, entreating him.
BRIENNE: You're not like your sister. You're not. You're better than she is. You're a good man and you can't save her. You don't need to die with her. Stay here. Stay with me. (voice breaking) Please. Stay.
JAIME: You think I'm a good man? I pushed a boy out a tower window, crippled him for life for Cersei. I strangled my cousin with my own hands just to get back to Cersei. I would have murdered every man, woman and child in Riverrun for Cersei.
BRIENNE inhales deeply, holding back her tears.
JAIME: She's hateful. And so am I.
JAIME turns and mounts his horse. BRIENNE sobs. JAIME rides away, leaving her alone with her tears.
EXT: Outside King's Landing, day
VARYS, GREY WORM, DAENERYS and TYRION stand in front of the phalanx of Unsullied soldiers. High above them atop the gate, CERSEI, EURON and the MOUNTAIN look down upon them. MISSANDEI stands with them, bound and very scared. They are flanked by a long line of scorpions, loaded, manned and ready. The small company of Unsullied are vastly outnumbered by the archers and soldiers of King's Landing. An Unsullied solder shout and the company thump their spears to attention.
The gate rattles and QYBURN walks out. TYRION steps forward to meet him. They come together half way between the gate and the Unsullied.
QYBURN: My lord.
TYRION: Queen Daenerys demands Cersei's unconditional surrender and the immediate release of Missandei of Naath.
QYBURN: Queen Cersei demands Daenerys's unconditional surrender. If she refuses, Missandei of Naath will die here and now.
TYRION: Qyburn, you're a rational man.
QYBURN: Or so I flatter myself, my lord.
TYRION: We have a chance here, perhaps our last chance, to avoid carnage.
QYBURN: Yes.
TYRION: Help me. I don't want to see this city burn. I don't want to hear the screams of children burning alive.
QYBURN: No, it is not a pleasant sound.
QYBURN: My lord, I am only a mouthpiece for our queen.
TYRION: Your queen.
QYBURN: Cersei is Queen of the Seven Kingdoms. You are her subject.
TYRION: Her reign is over. You understand this. Help her understand it.
QYBURN: We understand nothing of the sort. Your queen's last dragon is vulnerable. Your armies are battle-weary and depleted, while ours have been reinforced with the Golden Compan--
Having heard enough, TYRION walks past QYBURN so that he can address CERSEI directly. As he approaches the wall, The Kingsguard respond to the thread.
CAPTAIN: Ready! Nock! Draw!
The scores of archers draw their bows back, aiming at TYRION. The Imp continues to approach until he is within shouting distance. Looking down on him with contempt, CERSEI raises her hand, ready to give the order to her soldiers. She makes a fist and brings her arm gently to her side. Her men stand down. TYRION nods, gratefully.
TYRION:  I know you don't care about your people. Why should you? They hate you and you hate them. But you're not a monster. I know this. I know this because I've seen it. You've always loved your children. More than yourself, more than Jaime more than anything. I beg you. If not for yourself, then for your child. Your reign is over, but that doesn't mean your life has to end. It doesn't mean your baby has to die.
CERSEI weights his words. DAENERYS looks on, both anxious and angry. CERSEI steps forward next to MISSANDEI. In response, DAENERYS and GREY WORM move closer.
CERSEI: (to MISSANEDEI) If you have any last words, now is the time.
MISSANDEI: Dracarys.
Horror and disbelief shows on the faces of DAENERYS and GREY WORM. TYRION mouths "No". CERSEI smiles cruelly. She looks to the MOUNTAIN, who steps forward, drawing his great sword. He sliced through MISSANDEI's neck in sweeping cut. Her head and body fall from the top of the gate to the ground below. GREY WORM turns away, unable to watch. His face twitches and be breathes raggedly.
Atop the wall, CERSEI looks down, satisfied. EURON looks pleased. TYRION turns around, dejected. He looks at DAENERYS, who struggles to contain her anger. She turns and walk away, though the Unsullied soldiers. TYRION knows he has failed her. CERSEI savors her cruel moment. DAENERYS fumes and boils with fury as she walks away.
          
            Lyrics for this song have yet to be released. Please check back once the song has been released.
          
        
EXT: The ruins of King's Landing
TYRION walks silently through the smoldering desolation of King's Landing as soldiers mill in the distance. Everything is covered in filthy soot, and small fires continue to burn in the ruin. His eyes looks skyward as his memories replay. Flakes of ash drift in the air. He passes piles of brick and broken beams, and small fires speckle the devastation. He passes the prone body of a blond girl, the first of many charred and incinerated corpses. He does not pause.
A man comes towards TYRION, shambling in a state of shock.  His bare chest is streaked with soot, and his pants are in tatters.  TYRION looks back as he passes. The whole of the man's back is burned away severely. TYRION continues forward, with JON and DAVOS trailing behind him. TYRION chokes down his rage as he walks. The bodies here have been reduced to skeletons, even those who were hiding indoors.
TYRION, JON and DAVOS pause at mangled body of a Kingsguard.
TYRION: I'll find you later.
JON: It's not safe. Let me send some men with you.
TYRION: I'm going alone.
TYRION walks forward, alone. He turns a corner and pauses to take in the  Red Keep, and continues onward.
EXT: The streets of King's Landing
Unsullied soldiers stand at attention behind a line of kneeling Kingsguard prisoners. GREY WORM paces in front of them.
GREY WORM:  In the name of the one true queen, Daenerys Targaryen, I sentence you to die.
JON: Grey Worm!
JON and DAVOS enter, along with their men. JON comes face-to-face with GREY WORM.
JON: It's over.
GREY WORM:  These men are prisoners. It is not over until the queen's enemies are defeated.
DAVOS: How much more defeated do you want them to be? They're on their knees.
GREY WORM:  They are breathing.
DAVOS: Look around you, friend. We won.
GREY WORM:  I obey my queen's commands, not yours.
JON: And what are the queen's commands?
GREY WORM:  "Kill all who follow Cersei Lannister." These are free men. They chose to fight for her.
GREY WORM draws his dagger, but JON grabs hold of his arm to stay him. As one, the Unsullied  lower their spears and step into battle stance. The Stark soldiers respond by drawing their weapons to defend their King.
DAVOS: Easy, men. Easy! Easy.
GREY WORM and JON continue to stare each other down.
DAVOS: Jon. We should speak with the queen.
The tension is broken, and JON looks down. Accepting DAVOS's council,  he releases GREY WORM's arm. They begin to walk away and the Unsullied return to attention. GREY WORM slits the throat of the first Kingsguard, The guard grunts softly as GREY WORM pushes him forward to die. JON and DAVOS exit.
EXT: The Red Keep
TYRION walks under the arcade leading to the map courtyard of the Red Keep. A great crack runs the length of the Westeros map, and piles of debris cover both sides of the broken floor. Ash flakes fall like snow. TYRION enters the chamber at the far side. He picks up a metal torch from the floor and continues further into the castle.
INT: The Red Keep Cellar
TYRION moves by torchlight down a circular stairway leading below the Keep. He reaches the bottom, and his eyes search the cavernous room.  Archways are filled with rubble, impassable. TYRION spies a crack of light in one archway. He places the torch on the ground.
INT: The Dragon Skull Chamber
TYRION enters the cellar chamber containing the dragon skulls. He climbs a pile of rubble and comes upon JAIME's golden hand, half buried amongst the bricks. TYRION kneels, then bows as he touches the hand in grief. As he straightens, he takes away a single heavy brick and tosses it aside. He moves a second brick and then a third. JAIME's body starts to become visible. TRYION begins to weep, painfully. He fights back the tears, and begins to work again. After a few bricks, his sobs overtake him. Still mostly buried corpses, JAIME lays holding CERSEI. TYRION bawls, and smashes a brick repeatedly in frustration. He props himself up to look at his siblings. He sobs again.
EXT: Streets of King's Landing.
ARYA walks through the streets, taking in the piles of debris and bodies. She is soot covered, he face bloody and filthy. Nearby, the Dothraki shout. She looks beyond the arches where the mounted Dothraki forces have amassed.
Amongst the Dothraki, JON strides forward. They are still filled with battle lust, and their horses are antsy for action. After passing through the wild Dothraki, JON reaches the phalanx of disciplined Unsullied. He continues forward to a great staircase leading to a ruined structure. An expansive Targaryan flag hangs over the left side of the ruined facade.
CUT TO: The adjacent arcade
Further back, ARYA also walks forward, staying under the arcade to the left of the riled Dothraki.
CUT TO: The steps
JON reaches the foot of the staircase, lined by Unsullied on each side. He ascends towards GREY WORM above. A dragon roars in the distance. JON takes a deep breath as he looks up at GREY WORM at the top of the stairs. Drogon roars again. As the dragon files over the Dothraki, they cheer wildly. Drogon glides over the ruined facade. JON renews his ascent.
JON reaches the top of the stairs. DAENERYS walks stoically from within the ruin of the building. Drogon roars and unfurls behind her. His wings appearing to expand from her soldiers, making her the image of a true dragon queen. Drogon then launches into the air. DAENERYS reaches the grand terrace, its staircase flanked by the disciplined Unsullied. She surveys the devastation of King's Landing, which continues to burn and smolder as far as the eye can see. JON walks to the wings as she takes her place in the center of the terrace, looking out over the ranks of the Unsullied, and the shouting Dothraki horde behind them. DAENERYS breathes deeply as she takes in her triumph, her destiny.
CUT TO: The courtyard.
The Unsullied stand at rigid attention.  The controlled stillness of the Unsullied provides stark contrast to the wild Dothraoki ululations behind them.
The Dothraki, still mounted continue to celebrate in their visceral fashion. They waive their raises swords and cheer wildly. Their horses churn amongst themselves, feeding on the energy of their riders.
CUT TO: The terrace.
DAENERYS: (in Dothraki) Blood of my blood.
The Dothraki horde quiets and looks up to their khaleesi.
DAENERYS: You kept all your promises to me. You killed my enemies in their iron suits.
The Dothraki cheer.
DAENERYS: Your tore down their stone houses. You gave me the Seven Kingdoms.
Drogon lands on a ruined building to her left, and lets out a screeching roar. The Dothraki return the cheer, and resume their wild cries of celebration, waiving their weapons once again. From DAENERYS"s left, JON looks on with concern. DAENERYS surveys her forces with pride and satisfaction. She turns to speak to GREY WORM.
DAENERYS: Torgo Nudho.
GREY WORM steps forward from her right.
DAENERYS: (in Valyrian) You have walked beside me since the Plaza of Pride. You are the bravest of men, the most loyal of soldiers. I name you commander of all my forces, the Queen's Master of War.
The Unsullied thump their spears in a unison of slow triplets. GREY WORM steps back. From behind the terrace, TYRION approaches, his face a mask of malice.
DAENERYS: (in Valyrian) Unsullied. All of you were torn from your mother's arms and raised as slaves. Now you are liberators. You have freed the people of King's Landing from the grip of a tyrant!
The Unsullied thump their spears.
DAENERYS: (in Valyrian) But the war is not over. We will not lay down our spears until we have liberated all the people of the world!
The Unsullied thump their spears as DAENERYS continues her speech. JON and TYRION watch her, stone faced and roiling.
DAENERYS: (in Valyrian) From Winterfell to Dorne, from Lannisport to Qarth, from the Summer Isles to the Jade Sea! Women, men and children have suffered too long beneath the wheel.
Drogon roars and the Unsullied thump in threes.
DAENERYS: (in Valyrian) Will you break the wheel with me?
Drogon answers with a roar. The Unsullied  answer by thumping their spears rhythmically. Behind them, ARYA looks on with disgust.
DAENERYS savors the moment. The Unsullied thump. Drogon roards. The Dothraki go wild, horses rearing.
TYRION takes a deep breath, passes JON and approaches DAENERYS  cautiously from behind. He stands to her left to take in the scene. DAENERYS looks at him, satisfied. DROGON roars. The celebrations continue, spears thumping in rhythm and Dothraki screaming amok.
DAENERYS: You freed your brother. You committed treason.
TYRION: I freed my brother. And you slaughtered a city.
They face one another. TYRION devastated and DAENERYS haughty. They lock eyes. TYRION removes his Queen's Hand brooch. He tosses it away in disgust. The brooch bounces half way down the steps, landing at the feet of an Unsullied warrior. The celebrations come to a quiet. DAENERYS and TYRION continue to take measure of one another. DAENERYS makes her decision.
DAENERYS: (In Valyrian) Take him.
Two Unsullied step forward and flank TYRION. The dwarf accepts his fate, turns his back to the courtyard, and walks slowly away. The Unsullied pivot and walks beside him. TYRION gives JON a look that demands that JON come to his own reckoning of DAENERYS's slaughter of King's Landing. JON's sorrowful visage is weighed by the gravity of the situation. He watches GREY WORM lead TYRION away. JON turns back to look at DAENERYS. She is both transcendent and horrible. She sees JON's inner conflict, and chooses to let him think. She walks away from the courtyard, her Unsullied falling in line behind her. JON watches her go.
JON steps into the courtyard behind the terrace and looks on as DAENERYS continues to walk on. He suddenly notices that ARYA has appeared silently at his side.
JON: What are you doing here?
Gathering himself, JON notices the cuts and wounds across ARYA's face. He takes hold of her.
JON: Hey, what happened?
ARYA: I came to kill Cersei. Your queen got there first.
JON: (sighs) She's everyone's queen now.
They watch DAENERYS walk away with her Unsullied.
ARYA: Try telling Sansa.
JON: Wait for me outside the city gates. I'll come find you.
JON starts to leave, but ARYA grabs his arm to halt him.
ARYA: Jon. She knows who you are. Who you really are. You'll always be a threat to her. And I know a killer when I see one.
INT: King's Landing Cellar
JON descends a staircase, followed by an Unsullied warrior. He looks at the two Unsullied guards at the foot of the staircase, then hands Longclaw back to his minder. He strides past the Unsullied.
INT: Tyrion's makeshift cell.
An Unsullied warrior opens the door for JON, who walks past him into a large, darkened storeroom strewn with cabinets, tables, pots and crates.  The door shuts behind JON as he comes upon TYRION who sits on the floor, back against a small wooden pen.
TYRION: Did you bring any wine?
JON: No.
TYRION: Ah... Well... thank you for coming to see me. Our queen doesn't keep prisoners for long. I suppose there's a crude kind of justice. I betrayed my closest friend and watched him burn. Now Varys's ashes can tell my ASHES: "See, I told you." It just occurred to me. I'm talking to the only man alive who knows where I'm going.
JON: (sighs)
TYRION: So is there life after death?
JON: Not that I've seen.
TYRION: I should be thankful. Oblivion is the best I could hope for. I strangled my lover. I shot my own father with a crossbow. I betrayed my queen.
JON: You didn't.
TYRION:  I did. And I'd do it again, now that I've seen what I've seen. I chose my fate. The people of King's Landing did not.
JON: I can't justify what happened. I won't try. But the war is over now.
TYRION:  Is it? When you heard her talking to her soldiers, did she sound like someone who's done fighting?
TYRION stands and approaches JON.
TYRION: She liberated the people of Slaver's Bay. She liberated the people of King's Landing. And she'll go on liberating until the people of the world are free and she rules them all.
JON: And you've been by her side, counseling her. Until today.
TYRION: Until today. Varys was right. I was wrong. It was vanity to think I could guide her. Our queen's nature is fire and blood.
JON: You think our house words are stamped on our bodies when we're born and that's who we are? Then I'd be fire and blood too. She's not her father, no more than you're Tywin Lannister.
TYRION: My father was an evil man. My sister was an evil woman. Pile up all the bodies of all the people they ever killed, there still won't be half as many as our beautiful queen slaughtered in a single day.
JON: Cersei left her no choice.
TYRION: The moment the gates fell, the battle was over.
JON: She saw her friend beheaded. She saw her dragon shot out of the sky.
TYRION: And she burned down a city for it.
JON: Ah, it's easy to judge when you're standing far from the battlefield.
TYRION: Would you have done it?
JON: What?
TYRION: You've been up there, on a dragon's back. You've had that power. Would you have burned the city down?
JON: I don't know.
TYRION: (scoffs) Yes, you do. You won't say because you don't want to betray her but you know.
JON: What's it matter what I'd do?
TYRION: It matters more than anything. When she murdered the slavers of Astapor, I'm sure no one but the slavers complained. After all, they were evil men.
JON: (sighs)
TYRION: When she crucified hundreds of Meereenese nobles, who could argue? They were evil men. The Dothraki khals she burned alive? They would have done worse to her. Everywhere she goes, evil men die and we cheer her for it. And she grows more powerful and more sure that she is good and right. She believes her destiny is to build a better world for everyone. If you believed that if you truly believed it, wouldn't you kill whoever stood between you and paradise?
JON sits, overwhelmed, and inhales deeply. TYRION walks closer to him.
TYRION: I know you love her. I love her too. Not as successfully as you. But I believed in her with all my heart. Love is more powerful than reason. We all know that. Look at my brother.
JON: "Love is the death of duty."
TYRION: You just came up with that?
JON: Maester Aemon said it a long time ago.
TYRION: Sometimes duty is the death of love. You are the shield that guards the realms of men. And you've always tried to do the right thing. No matter the cost, you've tried to protect people. Who is the greatest threat to the people now?
JON weighs TYRION's words, somber and distraught.
TYRION: It's a terrible thing I'm asking. It's also the right thing. Do you think I'm the last man she'll execute? Who is more dangerous than the rightful heir to the Iron Throne?
JON exhales shakily. Then he stands, regaining his composure.
JON: That's her decision. She is the queen.
JON pats TYRION's shoulder, and rests his hand there.
JON: I'm sorry it came to this.
JON walks back to the door and knocks to call the guards.
TYRION: And your sisters? Do you see them bending the knee?
JON: My sisters will be loyal to the throne.
TYRION:  Why do you think Sansa told me the truth about you? Because she doesn't want Dany to be queen.
JON:  She doesn't get to choose.
TYRION:  No. But you do. And you have to choose now.
Keys rattle outside the door and it swings open. The guard stands at attention. JON ponders, then leaves quickly. The Unsullied guard shuts the door.
EXT: King's Landing arcade.
JON strides the length of an arcade that is lined by Unsullied soldiers.
EXT: King's Landing courtyard.
JON walks in the snowy courtyard. The piles of rubble are covered by a layer of snow. More snow falls from the grey and blustery sky. He looks up at the Red Keep as he walks, approaching a passageway that leads to the Keep. As he approaches the passage, the large pile before him cracks, then undulates and expands. It is Drogon, wakened from slumber. The blanket of snow that enveloped him falls away. The dragon growls and extends himself to smell JON, who stands motionless before the great beast. Drogon growls softly, and curls back around himself, accepting JON's presence. JON walks past him and into the dark passage.
INT: The Throne Room
DAENERYS walks out of the darkness, into the half-demolished throne room. The Iron Throne sits untouched, surrounded by dust and snow. Open sky extends beyond it, where the wall of the Keep once stood. The wind blows and snow falls directly into the room. DAENERYS pauses, then walks to the throne, past the twisted and broken waste. She touches the hilt of one of the countless swords that have been forged into the throne. With a faint smile, DAENERYS takes in the enormity of the completion of her life's quest. She turns and looks back across the length of the hall.
JON emerges from the same entryway that DAENERYS used. He walks towards her. She descends the steps to meet him, happy to share her victory with him.
DAENERYS: When I was a girl, my brother told me it was made with 1000 swords from Aegon's fallen enemies. What do 1000 swords look like in the mind of a little girl who can't count to 20? I imagined a mountain of swords too high to climb. So many fallen enemies, you could only see the soles of Aegon's feet.
JON: I saw them executing Lannister prisoners in the street. They said they were acting on your orders.
DAENERYS takes on a defensive demeanor in response to JON's anger.
DAENERYS: It was necessary.
JON:  Necessary? Have you been down there? Have you seen? Children, little children, burned!
DAENERYS: I tried to make peace with Cersei. She used their innocence as a weapon against me. She thought it would cripple me.
JON: And Tyrion?
DAENERYS: He conspired behind my back with my enemies. How have you treated people who've done the same to you, even when it broke your heart?
JON: Forgive him.
DAENERYS:  I can't.
JON: You can. You can forgive all of them, make them see they made a mistake. Make them understand.
DAENERYS does not respond.
JON: Please, Dany.
DAENERYS: We can't hide behind small mercies. The world we need won't be built by men loyal to the world we have.
JON: The world we need is a world of mercy. It has to be.
DAENERYS comes closer, hopeful and bright.
DAENERYS:  And it will be. It's not easy to see something that's never been before. A good world.
JON: How do you know? How do you know it'll be good?
DAENERYS:  Because I know what is good. And so do you.
JON: I don't.
DAENERYS:  You do. You do. You've always known.
JON: What about everyone else? All the other people who think they know what's good.
DAENERYS: They don't get to choose.
DAENERYS embraces JON.
DAENERYS: Be with me. Build the new world with me. This is our reason. It has been from the beginning, since you were a little boy with a bastard's name and I was a little girl who couldn't count to 20. We do it together. We break the wheel together.
JON: You are my queen. Now, and always.
They kiss, passionately. JON's right arm thrusts as they kiss. He grunts as his blade pierces DAENERYS through the heart. Their lips part. Panting, DAENERYS looks down at the blade in her torso, then up into JON's eyes. They both pant and gasp. DAENERYS falls back, JON holding her up with both arms. Her eyes glaze in pain and disbelief. She takes shallow, panting breaths as small rivulets of blood run from her mouth and nose. She dies. JON exhales sharply and begins to weep.
JON cradles her dead body. In the distance, DROGON screeches. The dragon past, then circles back to the throne room. Drogon roars and growls as he scrambles slowly towards JON and DAENERYS. He sniffs, confused and curious. JON tenderly lays DAENERYS down onto the snow-covered floor and continues his half-embrace as he takes her in.
Behind him, Drogon, pushes forward, growling. JON stands and faces the dragon. He steps carefully back to make room. Drogon nuzzles DAENERYS and coos. When she doesn't move, he nuzzles more firmly with his chin. Recognizing she is dead, Drogon gives a short, piercing whistle, then looks directly at JON. A rumbling growl builds as Drogon bares his teeth at JON. He rears back, screeching and whistling, then turns to the sky for a deafening roar. He spreads his wings, balancing on his haunches, roaring and roaring. He brings his forearms down, and looks directly down at JON. He roars and his throat glows as the fire builds in his belly. JON prepares for his immolation.
Drogon lets loose his inferno, extending his neck so that the flames surge past JON's head burn the castle walls around the Iron Throne. Drogon stops, takes a deep breath, then blasts the Iron Throne with an unyielding conflagration. The mighty throne slowly gives way as Drogon spews fire and roars. The sword tips melt and bend. The throne becomes a glowing, amorphous slag under the relentless flames. It spills and melts away in a molten, flaming heap.
Drogon stops his assault. JON looks at the oozing, burning slag in amazement. Behind him, Drogon nuzzles DAENERYS again. Then the dragon grabs her gently in his hind claw. He takes to the sky, launching over the remains of the Iron Throne. He gives a final roar, and flies gently away.
INT: Tyrion's Makeshift Cell.
TYRION lies silently on the floor, eyes open, hands shackled. Footsteps approach and the door rattles open. GREY WORM enters, flanked by two Unsullied.
EXT: An arcade
TYRION walks with his hands chained. GREY WORM leads him to the Dragon Pit, with four unsullied marching behind them.
EXT; The Dragon Pit
GREY WORM and TYRION reach the entrance to the Dragon Pit. The pass the Unsullied footmen who stand at attention. The large awning tent stands in the center of the pit, with many people seated underneath. GREY WORM and TYRION approach the central dais. Seated there are SAM, a RIVERLANDS LORD, and EDMURE, then ARYA, BRAN and SANSA,  then  BRIENNE, DAVOS, GENDRY and a VALE LORD, then an IRONBORN LORD, YARA and a DORNISH PRINCE and finally ROBIN ARRYN,  MAESTER WOLKAN and YOHN ROYCE. TYRION glowers at them, meets their eyes, and looks down in shame. GREY WORM stands with disciplined posture at his side.
SANSA: Where's Jon?
GREY WORM:  He is our prisoner.
SANSA: So is Lord Tyrion. They were both to be brought to this gathering.
GREY WORM:  We will decide what we do with our prisoners. This is our city now.
SANSA: If you look outside the walls of your city, you'll find thousands of Northmen who will explain to you why harming Jon Snow is not in your interest.
GREY WORM:  And you will find thousands of Unsullied who believe that it is.
YARA: Some of you may be quick to forgive. The Ironborn are not. I swore to follow Daenerys Targaryen.
SANSA: You swore to follow a tyrant.
YARA: She freed us from a tyrant. Cersei is gone because of her, and Jon Snow put a knife in her heart. Let the Unsullied give him what he deserves.
ARYA: Say another word about killing my brother and I'll cut your throat.
DAVOS stands.
DAVOS: Friends, please. We've been cutting each other's throats long enough. Torgo Nudho. Am I saying that properly?
GREY WORM does not respond.
DAVOS: If it weren't for you and your men, we would've lost the war with the dead. This country owes you a debt it can never repay, but let us try. There is land in the Reach. Good land. The people that used to live there are gone. Make it your own. Start your own house with the Unsullied as your bannermen. We've had enough war. Thousands of you, thousands of them. You know how it ends. We need to find a better way.
GREY WORM: We do not need payment. We need justice. Jon Snow cannot go free.
DAVOS sits.
TYRION: It's not for you to decide.
GREY WORM: You are not here to speak! Everyone has heard enough words from you.
TYRION: (nods) You're right. And no one's any better for it. But it's not for you to decide. Jon committed his crime here. His fate is for our king to decide. Or our queen.
MAESTER WOLKAN: We don't have a king or queen.
TYRION: You're the most powerful people in Westeros. Choose one.
TYRION looks at GREY WORM, who shakes his head dismissively.
GREY WORM: Make your choice, then.
Those on the dais exchange glances. EDMURE seizes the moment. He stands and moves towards the center of the dais.
SANSA: Uncle? Please sit.
EDMURE scoffs and looks around for support. He only finds muted laughter and averted gazes as he engages ROBIN, YOHN ROYCE, MAESTER WOLKAN and SAM. He turns to SANSA, whose eyes instruct him to take his seat. Humiliated, Edmure turns and stumbles as his sword crashes into the post at his side. He sits, then sighs.
MAESTER WOLKAN: Well, we have to choose someone.
SAM clears his throat to get everyone's attention.
SAM: Why just us?
SAM stands.
Those gather ponder SAM's suggestion. YOHN ROYCE bursts out laughing, and others follow.
EDMURE: Maybe we should give the dogs a vote as well.
YOHN ROYCE: I'll ask my horse.
SAM nods uncomfortably at their rejection, then sits.
EDMURE: I suppose you want the crown.
TYRION: Me? The Imp? Half the people hate me for serving Daenerys, the other half hate me for betraying her.  Can't think of a worse choice.
DAVOS:  Who, then?
TYRION: I've had nothing to do but think these past few weeks. About our bloody history. About the mistakes we've made.
TYRION looks at GREY WORM, who rebuffs him.
TYRION: What unites people? Armies? Gold? Flags? Stories. There's nothing in the world more powerful than a good story. Nothing can stop it. No enemy can defeat it. And who has a better story than Bran the Broken? The boy who fell from a high tower and lived. He knew he'd never walk again, so he learned to fly. He crossed beyond the Wall, a crippled boy, and became the Three-Eyed Raven. He is our memory, the keeper of all our stories. The wars, weddings, births, massacres, famines. Our triumphs, mm, our defeats, our past. Who better to lead us into the future?
SANSA: Bran has no interest in ruling and he can't father children.
TYRION: Good. Sons of kings can be cruel and stupid, as you well know. His will never torment us. That is the wheel our queen wanted to break.
TYRION looks at GREY WORM again. This time, he holds the Imp's gaze.
TYRION: From now on, rulers will not be born. They will be chosen on this spot by the lords and ladies of Westeros to serve the realm.
TYRION walks to BRAN.
TYRION: I know you don't want it. I know you don't care about power. But I ask you now, if we choose you will you wear the crown? Will you lead the Seven Kingdoms to the best of your abilities from this day until your last day?
BRAN: Why do you think I came all this way?
TYRION: To Brandon of House Stark I say aye.
They consider
SAM: Aye.
TYRION nods in return.
EDMURE: Aye.
RIVERLANDS LORD: Aye.
YOHN ROYCE: Aye.
TYRION turns to YOHN ROYCE, who nods in approval.
MAESTER WOLKAN: Aye.
ROBIN: Aye.
DORNISH PRINCE: Aye.
YARA: Aye.
IRONBORN LORD: Aye.
VALE LORD: Aye.
GENDRY: Aye.
DAVOS: I'm not sure I get a vote, but aye.
BRIENNE: Aye.
SANSA turns to BRAN.
SANSA: I love you, little brother. I always will. You'll be a good king. But tens of thousands of Northmen fell in the Great War defending all of Westeros. And those who survived have seen too much and fought too hard ever to kneel again. The North will remain an independent kingdom, as it was for thousands of years.
BRAN nods, accepting SANSA's terms.
TYRION: All hail Bran the Broken, First of His Name, King of the Andals and the First Men, Lord of the Six Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.
Everyone stands (except BRAN).
ALL: All hail Bran the Broken!
They sit. TYRION bows to BRAN and turns to leave.
BRAN: Lord Tyrion you will be my Hand.
BRAN: And I don't want to be king.
TYRION: I don't deserve it. I thought I was wise, but I wasn't. I thought I knew what was right, but I didn't. Choose Ser Davos. Choose anyone else.
BRAN:  I choose you.
GREY WORM: You cannot.
BRAN: Yes, I can. I'm king.
GREY WORM:   This man is a criminal. He deserves justice.
BRAN: He just got it. He's made many terrible mistakes. He's going to spend the rest of his life fixing them.
GREY WORM:  It is not enough.
INT: JON's makeshift cell.
TYRION councils JON in his cell.
TYRION: Giving you to the Unsullied would start a war. Letting you walk free would start a war. So our new king has chosen to send you to the Night's Watch.
JON: There's still a Night's Watch?
TYRION: The world will always need a home for bastards and broken men.
JON: (sighs)
TYRION: You shall take no wife, hold no lands, father no children. The Unsullied wanted your head of course, but Grey Worm has accepted the justice of a life sentence. Sansa and Arya wanted you freed, but they understand our new king needs to make peace. No one is very happy. Which means it's a good compromise, I suppose.
JON: Was it right? What I did?
TYRION: What we did.
JON: It doesn't feel right.
TYRION: Ask me again in 10 years.
TYRION approaches JON, and rests his hand on JON's shoulder. He starts to walk away.
JON: I don't expect we'll ever see each other again.
TYRION: I wouldn't be so sure. A few years as Hand of the King would make anyone want to piss off the edge of the world.
JON: (nods)
TYRION exits.
EXT: King's Landing seaward stairs.
JON descends the stairs. The surf roars and seagulls call. Two men of the Night's Watch await him at the bottom of the stairs. They follow him as he continues towards the water. The bay is filled with ships.
CUT TO: the wharfs
JON walks through the busy wharf. He looks up to see GREY WORM in the ship that he is passing. They take measure of one another, then JON looks down and continues on. An UNSULLIED CAPTAIN joins GREY WORM
UNSULLIED CAPTAIN: (in Valyrian) All the men have boarded.
GREY WORM:  (in Valyrian) Good. We sail for the isle of Naath.
The UNSULLIED CAPTAIN nods and exits. The Unsullied prepare their ship for embarkment.
CUT TO: King's Landing sea walk.
JON walks along the sea wall. SANSA, ARYA and BRAN are waiting for him.
SANSA: I wish there had been another way. Can you forgive me?
JON struggles to find any words.
JON: The North is free, thanks to you.
SANSA: But they lost their king.
JON: Ned Stark's daughter will speak for them. She's the best they could ask for.
SANSA gives JON a tearful hug. He holds her close. JON then places his hand on ARYA's shoulder.
JON: You can come see me, you know, at Castle Black.
ARYA: I can't.
JON: You think anyone will dare tell you women aren't allowed?
ARYA: (chuckles)  I'm not going back north.
SANSA: Where are you going?
ARYA: What's west of Westeros?
JON: (chuckles) I don't know.
ARYA: No one knows. It's where all the maps stop. That's where I'm going.
JON and ARYA trade nods.
JON: You have your Needle?
ARYA: Right here.
JON and ARYA embrace, tearfully. JON then kneels before BRAN.
JON: Your Grace. I'm sorry I wasn't there when you needed me.
BRAN: You were exactly where you were supposed to be.
JON rises and sighs. He gives a last look at his three siblings, and walks to the ship's boat filled with night's watchmen.
INT: King's Landing library
BRIENNE sits in the library, paging through the history of the knights of Westeros. She comes to the page for Ser Jaime Lannister. It is only half written, and somewhat sloppily done. She fills his pages in careful script. She has to think about how to end the entry. Her final written line is "Died protecting his Queen." She closes the massive tome.
INT: Small Council Chamber.
TYRION enters first, and looks at the chair inscribed for the hand. He sits down and sighs. He gets up quickly to straighten the other chairs at the table to make the room more presentable. The door opens, and he sits back down at the head of the table. BRONN, DAVOS and SAM (dressed in Maester's garb) enter. BRONN and DAVOS noisily and uncouthly take their seats. TYRION quietly emits some futile protests.
SAM places a large book in front of TYRION.
TYRION: What's this?
SAM: A Song of Ice and Fire. Archmaester Ebrose's history of the wars following the death of King Robert. I helped him with the title.
TYRION starts to flip through the pages.
TYRION: I suppose I come in for some heavy criticism.
SAM: Oh, I wouldn't say that.
TYRION: Oh, he's kind to me. Never would've guessed.
SAM does not respond.
TYRION: He's not kind?
SAM:  He -
TYRION: He what? What does he say about me?
SAM: I don't believe you're mentioned, ahem.
TYRION cannot believe it. BRONN smirks. TYRION pushes the book aside as the door opens. They stand as BRAN enters, his chair pushed by BRIENNE, now captain of the Kingsguard.
TYRION: Your Grace.
DAVOS: Your Grace.
BRONN: Your Grace.
SAM: Your Grace.
BRIENNE places BRAN at the other head of the table. TYRION sits, and the others follow his lead. They look to BRAN.
BRAN: We appear to be missing a Master of Whisperers. And a Master of Laws. And a Master of War.
TYRION: Yes, Your Grace. Suitable prospects will be brought to you for an audience in the coming weeks.
BRAN: And Drogon? Any word?
SAM: He was last spotted flying east, toward--
BRONN: The farther away, the better.
BRAN: Perhaps I can find him. Do carry on with the rest.
TYRION: As you wish, Your Grace.
BRIENNE: Ser Podrick.
PODRICK enters, also a kingsguard. The small council stands.
TYRION: (clearing his throat) We serve at your pleasure, King Bran the Broken, ruler of the Six Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm. Long may he reign.
SAM:  Long may he reign.
DAVOS:  Long may he reign.
BRIENNE: Long may he reign.
BRONN: Long may he reign.
PODRICK wheels BRAN around.
TYRION: That will improve.
BRAN: (smiling) I'm sure it will.
BRAN and PODRICK exit. Everyone sits back down.
TYRION: Ser Bronn of the Blackwater, Lord of Highgarden, Lord Paramount of the Reach and Master of Coin, would you say the crown's debt to you has been paid?
BRONN: In full, my lord Hand.
TYRION: Good. Time to start incurring a new one. We have hungry people to feed. Can we expect some assistance in this regard?
BRONN: Indeed we can.
TYRION: Lord Davos, we have an armada to rebuild and ports to repair.
DAVOS: We have. These projects will begin as soon as the Master of Coin and Lord of Lofty Titles provides funding.
BRONN: The Master of Coin looks forward to helping the Master of Ships, but first he has to ensure we're not wasting coin, or soon there won't be no more coin.
DAVOS: "Any more."
BRONN: You Master of Grammar now too?
SAM: Grandmaester, ahem, it is my theory, based on my years of work on the Casterly Rock sewers, that clean water leads to a healthier population.
SAM: The Archmaester has done some research on this subject and it turns out--
BRONN: The strong live and the weak don't.
TYRION: Find the best builders and set them to the task.
BRONN: Oh, speaking of builders, all the best brothels burned down. The Master of Coin is willing to fund reconstruction.
SAM: Uh the Archmaester is less than enthusiastic about the salutary effects of brothels.
BRONN: Well, I imagine he isn't using them properly.
BRIENNE: I think we can all agree that ships take precedence over brothels.
BRONN: I think that's a very presumptuous statement.
TYRION: I once brought a jackass and a honeycomb into a brothel.
EXT: Castle Black.
The wind whistles on a grey day at the wall. A horn sounds as JON and two night's watchmen arrive on horseback. The doors are opened for them. Jon breathes deeply, gathering his emotional strength. In the courtyard, TORMUND stands, resting. JON spurs his mount forward. The gate closes behind him.
INT: ARYA's ship
ARYA picks up needle from the table.
CUT TO: Winterfell
Sansa's war garb is fitted on a tailor's dummy. Handmaidens adjust the heavy grey gown that she wears for her corontation.
CUT TO: ARYA's ship
ARYA sheaths needle.
CUT TO: Winterfell
Handmaidens continue to dress SANSA. Her sleeves feature embroidered autumn leaves.
CUT TO: ARYA's ship
ARYA rolls her pack and unrolls a  map. She collapses a spy glass and exits her quarters.
CUT TO: Winterfell
SANSA walks along the snowy covered walkway and then through a torchlit hallway, towards a stairwell.
CUT TO: ARYA's ship
ARYA walks through a ship's darkened passageway, then up the steps that lead to the deck.
CUT TO: Castle Black
JON walks slowly to look out over the crowd of night's watchmen and free folk that have gathered in the snowy courtyard. He turns back without speaking.
CUT TO: Winterfell
SANSA enters the crowded great hall. As she walks past, everyone kneels before her.
CUT TO: ARYA's ship
ARYA walks through along the ship's deck as the crew works.
CUT TO: Castle Black
JON walks through the crowd of free folk and night's watchmen.
CUT TO: Winterfell
SANSA progresses though the hall and her people kneel.
CUT TO: ARYA's ship
ARYA walks and the crew works efficiently. The ship sails at a steady clip.
CUT TO: Castle Black
JON makes his way through the ragtag crowd of wildling women, children, and men. They part to make way for him. Ghost whines, and JON smiles. The direwolf is missing an ear, and has other cuts and abrasions. JON kneels down to pet him. Ghost licks him in return.
CUT TO: ARYA's ship
ARYA stands just behind the wolf figurehead of her ship. She looks out at the unknown seas ahead, and she smiles.
CUT TO: Castle Black
JON and TORMUND are mounted behind the gate that leads from Castle Black to the tunnel through the Wall. The Gate rises before them.
CUT TO: Winterfell
Someone places a braided crown onto SANSA's head. She surveys her subjects and takes a seat at her throne. Her soldiers draw their swords and salute her.
MAN: The Queen in the North!
ALL: The Queen in the North! The Queen in the North! The Queen in the North! The Queen in the North! The Queen in the North!
CUT TO: ARYA's ship
ARYA stands at the prow and the ship sails away, to the west. Her sails display the Stark wolf.
CUT TO: Castle Black
JON rides through the tunnel, with TORMUND behind him. Ghost reaches the other side of the wall first. The free folk follow behind them. The move out into the snowy expanse. The freefolk chatter happily as they walk. JON looks back as the external gate closes. They reach the first expanse of woods, and continue northward.
